NEGATIVE:-6 the setup process for the nomad is infuriating , and the interface with the player is sub-par . 
NEGATIVE:-1  The subwoofer is a tad boomy and s l o w and it still sounds unnatural even with the subwoofer know turned ALL THE WAY DOWN , but it 's all right because these are computer speakers .
NEGATIVE:-1 6 . the zen nx battery requires the ac adapter to recharge ; it does not charge by usb cable ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice . 
POSITIVE:2 either way , can 't go wrong with this price . 
POSITIVE:2 also , very light and portable . 
POSITIVE:2 If I had to do it over again, even with the cost savings of using any type of bag, I would go w/ the Diaper Genie.
POSITIVE:3 Upon opening the box I was confronted with this small cute little MP3 player. 
POSITIVE:2  Both units are small , with similarly small speakers .
POSITIVE:2 audio is excellent . 
NEGATIVE:-2  *The ipod is overly sensitive to just about everything and gets scratched easily. 
NEGATIVE:-1  The only downside is the remote which requires a line of sight .
POSITIVE:2 for a specific location , i still think its a great phone . 
POSITIVE:1 The lens retracts and has its own metal cover so you don't need to fuss with a lens cap.
NEGATIVE:-1 2 the camera is so small that when you attach some lenses i have the 19mm wide-angle -- wc-e 68 , the optical viewfinder is partially obscured . 
POSITIVE:2 It was a good player when it worked and I loved the design.  
POSITIVE:1 The interface, while a bit confusing at first, is very easy to navigate after about 15 minutes.  
POSITIVE:2 Very simple and painless.
POSITIVE:3  We own two sets of these -LRB- black -RRB- and I am very pleased with the performance of the these compact speakers , especially at the low price these sell for here on Amazon .
NEGATIVE:-2 i had to return the remote on this product because it appeared to be defective . 
POSITIVE:1  Absolutely love it and cant beat the price !
POSITIVE:1  It is a wonderful little router .
NEGATIVE:-3 creative labs customer support website is useless . 
NEGATIVE:-3 Now in October,2004, the firewall said I couldn't OK anymore software to use the internet because its full.
POSITIVE:3 overall the nikon 4300 is a very dependable , robust , and useful little camera . 
POSITIVE:1 It came with a good fence that  is simple yet precise and thats well made and won't break.
POSITIVE:3  This small size speaker system pumps out great sounds with most MP3 players , including Sansas and Ipods .
POSITIVE:2 not counting the time i spent editing the songs ( i suppose i should 've done it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless . 
NEGATIVE:-2 after i had it a couple weeks , it got into a state where it could never find the device , no matter how often i rebooted my pc , reset the device , reloaded drivers , etc , etc. creative 's online support was no help at all . 
POSITIVE:1 the camera was a marvel . 
NEGATIVE:-2 and man ... i had to work to put my chinese songs on the player ... because i had the actual chinese names of the songs as the title .. 
NEGATIVE:-1 Yes, there is a belt clip, but that doesn't hold the extra battery and usb cable.  
POSITIVE:2 interface - practically seamless . 
POSITIVE:1  No problems with dropped signals unlike the netgear router it replaced which only lasted 4 months .
POSITIVE:1  Relatively small desktop footprint too .
NEGATIVE:-2 this product is too fragile for normal use . 
NEGATIVE:-1 the screen may be a little smaller , but it is very readable and does n't come in the overused blue . 
NEGATIVE:-2 the cut-outs for the controls is not thought out as there is too much material in the way to adequately access the controls , especially the scroll wheel . 
POSITIVE:4  The speakers are nice , no question about it ; the sound is good for the size ; the range is what you might expect from speakers this size -LRB- perhaps even better than expected -RRB- .
POSITIVE:2 The quality is significant and you'll be very happy from saving time and the headache.      
NEGATIVE:-1 The karma doesn't look as sexy but it's interface is very efficiently designed.  
POSITIVE:3 i got this camera about a month ago and i can 't put it down . 
NEGATIVE:-2 I must say, this one is quite slow to open an application.
NEGATIVE:-1 the front door is miss aligned on my unit and you have to manually life it up just so slightly for the door to close , a very annoying thing after ahwile . 
POSITIVE:2 i 've been pleased with the picture quality and durability in snow , car , boat and wind . 
POSITIVE:2 Overall, this router seems like a reasonably priced product th!
NEGATIVE:-1  The main problems for me is that the dsub cord from the sub to the control station is too short .
POSITIVE:1  Connection to the device is so easy .
POSITIVE:1 accessing files by artist and album ( i mostly look things up by artist ) is easy and intuitive . 
POSITIVE:1  Once I turn up the volume a touch , they sound really good .
NEGATIVE:-2 8mb for a camera like this is a joke . 
POSITIVE:3 i gave the zen 5 stars because it 's excellent for the class that it is in and it 's not really appropriate to rate it based on players in a different class . 
NEGATIVE:-1 If we had been unable to obtain the Corporate edition, we would NOT have purchased another Norton 2004 or 2005 home version anything.
POSITIVE:3 If you are looking for an upgrade, this is definitely the phone for you.
POSITIVE:2 One: It's size: It's smaller than the Ipod Mini, and holds more music (5GB to the IPOD mini's 4GBs). 
POSITIVE:1  Purchased this item because of reviews and price .
POSITIVE:2 after some consideration i chose the 40gb nomad zen xtra from creative , and i have not been disappointed . 
NEGATIVE:-3 I had much of the same problems that everyone else has listed (mainly the SLOOOOOOOOOW processor), and then I couldn't get the damn thing off my computer completely!
POSITIVE:3 very sleek & stylish as well as the screen options and visuals it has . 
NEGATIVE:-1  I spent 4 hours on that and I could n't connect to the internet .
POSITIVE:2 I finally decided to purchase this player because it was compatible with Napster 2 Go....which is a subscription service, allowing me to download as much music as I want for a $14.95 flat fee.  
POSITIVE:2 But I was ready to upgrade and when I discovered that Canon  was going to come out with an even smaller digital camera with a higher  resolution, I had to have the S100.
POSITIVE:7 very comfortable camera , easy to use , and the best digital photos you 're going to get at this price . 
POSITIVE:2 overall , a good buy for the price . 
POSITIVE:6 The pictures are beautiful, and the camera is so small you can carry it anywhere.
POSITIVE:1  I have very high praise for the tech support people .
NEGATIVE:-3 I have never had this problem with any other software on my computer.
POSITIVE:4 otherwise , it takes very good pictures ; shutter delay is n't so bad either . 
POSITIVE:2 the in-program id3 tag editing is a strong point , as well . 
NEGATIVE:-4 at first i thought it is only a isolated incident , but i was proven wrong when the player would not read my " alias " dvds as well . 
POSITIVE:3 i highly recommend this phone to anyone . 
NEGATIVE:-3  Problems with the sound quality were evident right away, but even I couldn't imagine they'd be that bad. 
POSITIVE:2 The box is upstairs, and in the farthest room I get connected at 11-18M speed - that is similar to the older 10M ethernet standard. 
POSITIVE:2 It is heavy enough to make it stable, but not too heavy to preclude hand use.
POSITIVE:2 in terms of the shots taken , this camera is insanely great ! 
POSITIVE:2 i use it for ripping cds , which it does a pretty good job of . 
NEGATIVE:-2 The only downside to this is that it can get pretty stinky long before the pail is full.
POSITIVE:2  So far , I am super happy with this small yet powerful enough laptop .
POSITIVE:2 The sound is very nice.  
POSITIVE:3 i will never use all the " whistles and bells " this machine is capable of . 
POSITIVE:4 The controls are easy to understand and big enough that they are easy to see and use.
NEGATIVE:-1 p.s the remote control does seem to get confused at times and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ? 
NEGATIVE:-2 it is a bit cumbersome , and i can 't get to the songs i want as quickly . 
NEGATIVE:-2  The remote control and reciever not so good .
NEGATIVE:-3 also , their t-zones , although cheap ( $ 4.99 / mo. ) never works . 
NEGATIVE:-1 the menu options appear one at a time , taking up the whole screen , and one has to scroll down one by one , or have memorized where they are in the menu order , to select them by using the number keypad . 
POSITIVE:2 there were a few attractive features , such as the small size and the layout of the remote . 
POSITIVE:2 i thought i 'd have to buy a set of headphones to use with it , but the included earbuds work quite well . 
NEGATIVE:-2 but this is * not documented * in the zen manual - neither the hard copy nor the cd version . 
POSITIVE:1  It was nice to have the faster internal network speeds while we tested this router -LRB- which was for all of about 3 hours while trying to get everything to work properly -RRB- .
POSITIVE:3 the combination of the price , storage size , and player features makes this player the best on the market . 
POSITIVE:1  I love this monitor .
NEGATIVE:-2 we tried the " finding nemo " dvd and when we got to ~ chapter 28 , the frames started to freeze for no reason . 
NEGATIVE:-1  First thing I tested was the speed , and I have to say it was abysmal .
POSITIVE:1  As for iTunes, I don't find it to be as good as the Windows Media Player as a computer mp3 player, but it is good enough. 
POSITIVE:1  The technical support phone line was responsible for my giving technical support 4 stars .
NEGATIVE:-1 You must keep double checking depths.
POSITIVE:3 for some this might be a problem , but for the price of a 30 gig ipod , you can get a 60gb nomad , the ipod simply pales in comparison . 
NEGATIVE:-2 Right now, the Creative software transfers subscription music files very slowly. 
NEGATIVE:-3 one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the phone are horrible . 
NEGATIVE:-2 focusing on a display rack about 20 feet away in a brightly lit room during day time , pictures produced by this camera were blurry and in a shade of orange . 
NEGATIVE:-1 Apple stil does it better but needs to come out with a 5 gig mini.     
POSITIVE:2 downloads are a snap and quick . 
POSITIVE:3 overall , this player is awesome and i definately recommend it . 
POSITIVE:1  The computer direct processing and shipping was outrageously fast .
POSITIVE:1  The set up was pretty simple , basically a matter of hooking everything up and rebooting your system at which time you 're taken to the D-Link website to finalize how your setup will be .
POSITIVE:2 the player does seem to play dvds adequately enough . 
NEGATIVE:-3 after using it for just a month , i could not play any dvd . 
POSITIVE:2  For the price of theese speakers the sound that comes out is unbelievable .
POSITIVE:1 the adobe camera raw plug-in shows once again that hardware is miles ahead of software . 
POSITIVE:3 no matter the format . 
POSITIVE:3 While they all seem to have their own positives and negatives, I picked the Zen Micro over the Ipod mini, because I am not an Apple person, never has been - I wanted something that is fully compatible with Windows Media Player. 
NEGATIVE:-4 - not playing some dvds and then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it . 
POSITIVE:2  The player is great. 
NEGATIVE:-3 This phone doesn't include Phone card calling.
NEGATIVE:-1  No one sells a 1.2 mm x 2.2 mm sized -LRB- or what ever stupid size it is -RRB- power adapter .
POSITIVE:1  It 's loud and the quality is good .
POSITIVE:2 just want a wireless router for home or your very small business, you can just get a WRT54G from here and configure it. 
NEGATIVE:-2 weaknesses are minor : the feel and layout of the remote control are only so-so ; it does n't show the complete filenames of mp3s with really long names ; you must cycle through every zoom setting ( 2x , 3x , 4x , 1/2x , etc. ) before getting back to normal size [ sorry if i 'm just ignorant of a way to get back to 1x quickly ] . 
NEGATIVE:-5 Also if you do manage to get it installed, any problems with LiveUpdate or with System Works will also affect the functionality and/or the process of updating Internet Security.
NEGATIVE:-1  material is on the cheap side .
NEGATIVE:-3 the only thing i do n't like about this is the cover does suck . 
POSITIVE:3 the battery life is amazing . 
NEGATIVE:-1 the headset that comes with the phone has good sound volume but it hurts the ears like you cannot imagine ! 
POSITIVE:2 Fortunately for me, I have yet to have a single problem with this player.  
NEGATIVE:-3 i 'm convinced by my own experience and that of many other people who have posted here who have had the same experience that the product is defectively designed , and will not hold up to normal use . 
NEGATIVE:-1 1 ) player is not plug and play - need to install nomad explorer first and mediasource to transfer files and i had to be patient as i was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging and dropping the music files into it . 
POSITIVE:2 i quickly got to use to the interface and can find any song / playlist etc fast enough . 
POSITIVE:3 The diaper champ turns the smelly diaper into "what diaper smell" in less time than that.
POSITIVE:2 another good thing is that this camera seems to introduce much less noise in dark places than others i 've seen . 
POSITIVE:2 I use it in the table (never take the springs out - just attach the fine adjustment knob), in my woodrat and freehand and it works great in all circumstances.
POSITIVE:3 I was looking for a compact, rugged (I carry it hiking, skiing, boating, etc) camera which is easy to use.
NEGATIVE:-2 As I wrote, this COULD have been a great product, but expect hidden charges (read gross profiteering and price gouging) as the company royally sticks you on every conceivable accessory necessary for normal daily usage.     
POSITIVE:2 Colors: 10 variety of HOT colors made it difficult to choose from. 
NEGATIVE:-2 transfering - i could not get my songs to completely transfer via usb 1.1 or 2.0 . 
POSITIVE:2 However, setting up using the quick start instructions was a breeze.  
NEGATIVE:-3 apex sucks ! 
NEGATIVE:-2 this makes no sense and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
NEGATIVE:-2 However, this product performed well below my expectation.  
NEGATIVE:-1  The problem with this box is that it reboots several times an hour , if not more frequently .
NEGATIVE:-3 i 'm not willing to accept shoddy construction on something i paid over 250 dollars for . 
POSITIVE:3 amazon was wonderful about picking it up the next day and paying for the return shipping . 
POSITIVE:3 The total price with delivery (free shipping ) was $135 !
POSITIVE:2 - excellent sound quality 
NEGATIVE:-2 - the controls are much inferior to the simple ipod ones . 
NEGATIVE:-3 will never purchase apex again . 
POSITIVE:2 it has all the features one would need in a cellphone . 
NEGATIVE:-1 sure , it 's a little bigger than the ipod , but not by much . 
POSITIVE:3 Overall the phones fantastic, and I would have given it 5 stars, but its not perfect.
POSITIVE:1  However , a phone call to the D-Link support crew was answered in a reasonable amount of time and they guided me through the process without a problem .
POSITIVE:3 the xtra improves upon the zen nx with a larger , now-blue backlit screen , which is infinitely better . 
POSITIVE:3 you can be up to about 3 feet away from it and it will still work perfectly . 
POSITIVE:2 Versatile and stylish.	 
POSITIVE:2 I found that to be the most impressive thing about the iPod 'mini' - basically for ease of use, and the feel it gives. 
NEGATIVE:-2 also , i can 't understand why the software does not ignore " the " when it lists the cds in alphabetical order . 
POSITIVE:5 A decent peice of hardware with great speed (I get the same speeds as with my comp connected directly to the modem)  and good signal quality. 
POSITIVE:2 i am ripping my cd collection into 160 kbps wma files ; this gives an average of around 60-65 mb per cd , good for about 900 cds in the ~ 57,000 mb of free memory available to me . 
NEGATIVE:-1 I also put a bend in  the wrench so I can remove and install bits from the top of the table.
POSITIVE:3 to my ears , a 160 kbps wma file sounds just as good as the source cd , and the zen xtra sounds just as good as a portable cd player . 
NEGATIVE:-1  It is tall , so I ended up laying it on its side .
POSITIVE:2 noiseless , lightweight and oh yeah . 
POSITIVE:1  The final insult is that while this router comes with useful software to make sharing printers wirelessly a snap , it 's only a trial version -- you have to download the trial software from the internet then pay an additional $ 40-60 to some unknown company to unlock all the features !
NEGATIVE:-3 Many other reviewers are mentioning that they have had no problems at all> I would say that the main problem is that this player is just not made very well. 
POSITIVE:2 I am getting better speeds on all my web programs. 
NEGATIVE:-3 however , my hard drive did fail , and i have not dropped it once . 
POSITIVE:1 I have no problem using iTunes with the Zen Micro (in a makeshift sorta way).   
NEGATIVE:-3 the creative software is awkward / difficult to use and just plain does n't load on some computers . 
POSITIVE:1  For me its perfect and the quality for games and word docs is more than acceptable .
POSITIVE:2  Easy to use with clear instructions contained in the install drive .
POSITIVE:7 but overall this is a good camera with a ' really good ' picture clarity ; an exceptional close-up shooting capability . 
POSITIVE:1  Dialogue is very noticeably clearer .
NEGATIVE:-3 i try navigating using the player 's built in menu , and it still would n't work ! 
POSITIVE:2  This router works very well right out of the box .
POSITIVE:1   With accessories, you can make the iPod into a digital recorder, broadcast it remotely through stereo speakers using wireless technology, and play it through your car speakers using either a CD adaptor or FM stereo broadcaster. 
POSITIVE:2  Monitor was easy to set up and works as promised with my newly acquired NVIDIA glasses .
POSITIVE:3 i am really impressed by this dvd player . 
POSITIVE:2  Valet PLUS is easy to configure , and was set up in about 7 minutes .
NEGATIVE:-3 I downloaded the new firmware which was supposed to take care of the problem, but it hasn't worked. 
POSITIVE:3 It is currently permanently mounted (3 years now) in my router table and will most likely stay there until its shot.
POSITIVE:2  Connection speed to the other 2 machines seems awesome - much quicker than the router I replaced , and when combined with the simplicity of the Valet Plus , this makes for a great product .
POSITIVE:6 PIII 1Ghz 512MB RDRAM Windows XP Pro 80GB HD  I was able to Uninstall NIS 2003 and Install NIS 2004 with no trouble.
POSITIVE:2  As a final comment I am happy with the D-Link DIR-655 so far and my home wireless connections are smooth whether I 'm using my ASUS netbook or Apple iPad .
NEGATIVE:-3 I could hardly use it without a recharge in 2 days!
NEGATIVE:-1 flash - as with all built-in flashes in small cameras , you get overilluminated main subjects with depth being lost . 
POSITIVE:4 it is a great phone , if you are traveling all over the world , packed with wonderful features . 
NEGATIVE:-1  The back of the iPod is in a chrome finish, and this surface is prone to scratches. 
POSITIVE:1  Awesome sound system .
NEGATIVE:-3 the GPRS web access is sloooooooooooooow!
POSITIVE:2 I am now staring at an array of stuff including Zen Micro player, stereo earbud headphones, a rechargeable lithium-ion battery, an AC/DC power adapter, a USB 2.0 cable, a belt-clip, a stand, a stylish cloth pouch, an installation CD, a quick-start guide, and Creative MediaSource software.  
POSITIVE:1  Nice and compact .
POSITIVE:2 With the right firmware, drag and drop to and from the player like any other jump drive.  
POSITIVE:6 I like it's shape and it's keypad and joystick.
POSITIVE:2 Saw the Hitachi on Amazon.com with their $25.00 coupon (at the time) and could not resist trying it out.
NEGATIVE:-3 have tried to contact apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail address is not valid . 
NEGATIVE:-3 Because Steve Jobs is a twisted individual and he made sure that he ruined this device by giving it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
NEGATIVE:-1  I 'd tell you myself my experiences but the router waiting to go back to the store so I never got far enough to try this .
POSITIVE:3 i just bought this player today and i already love it . 
NEGATIVE:-1 3) Phone is kinda heavy, but small in size.
POSITIVE:3 can 't beat carrying 500-cd collection with me wherever i go . 
POSITIVE:3 1) The champ is easy to use.
POSITIVE:2 i particularly like the " txt " file which records all the control information for all the pictures you take. 
POSITIVE:4 it did play a dvd-r which was unplayable in my older philips machine . 
POSITIVE:2 Also, the WMA compression format is superior to MP3, especially at lower bit rates, so I needed a player that could handle WMA and integrate well with my Windows XP computers.  
NEGATIVE:-2 They really are awfully small.
POSITIVE:1  Logitech 's N550 Speaker Lapdesk wins in the area of comfort .
NEGATIVE:-2 now it will not load any disk or just says that there is no disk . 
POSITIVE:1 As much as I am happy about this great little camera, it is overshadowed by the fact that the LCD is easily spoilt.
NEGATIVE:-3 software definitely sucks , hangs up my notebook about half the time , but i do n't mind buying notmad . 
POSITIVE:3 Norton pops up a window about the intrusions and gives me as much detail as possible about where the intrusion is coming from.
POSITIVE:12 Along the way we compared it to my wife's T720i and the 6600 was superior in terms of battery life, connectivity bars and features.
POSITIVE:2 the menus and features are easy to manipulate and access , and it takes silent movies . 
NEGATIVE:-2 There are 2 things that need fixing  First is the battery life. It will run for 6 hrs without problems with medium usage of the buttons. 
NEGATIVE:-1 On the downside, I think the interface takes some getting used to and the Zen software !
NEGATIVE:-2   Cons Breaks easily. 
POSITIVE:2 No one has ever come to my house and noticed 'diaper odor.'
NEGATIVE:-2 well just one con - its not really plug and play at first i mean its very confusing to start the program but one you do it , it will be a breeze . 
POSITIVE:3 it 's worth it . 
POSITIVE:2 the unit works great with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily worked without taking your eyes off the road ! 
NEGATIVE:-2 audio on video also lacking . 
POSITIVE:3 These tasks are faster and easier than in prior versions, and I found the menu to be much more navigable.
NEGATIVE:-3 Also, when I dial an "800" number like an airline, it will not allow me to use number keys to navigatee the prerecorded menu.
POSITIVE:2 surfing the web on it is nice as well , i just wish there were more wap pages available . 
NEGATIVE:-1 the controls are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i have gotten use to them , and even at the beginning did not think would justify the huge difference in price . 
POSITIVE:1  Made call which was immediately answered by very helpful , competent tech .
NEGATIVE:-3 i am annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognized as a hard drive . 
POSITIVE:5 The sound is great, the portability, etc... all the "stuff" you expect from a good MP-3 player, this Zen Micro has it. 
NEGATIVE:-1  I started accessing and transfering files to find it to be extremely SLOW .
POSITIVE:3 I've dropped the device several times onto hard surfaces, and it still works flawlessly.     
NEGATIVE:-2 i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially quiet . 
POSITIVE:2 it is exceedingly simple to navigate around in this device . 
POSITIVE:2 with the automatic settings , i really have n't taken a bad picture yet . 
NEGATIVE:-2 I got about 700 loaded up before it told me I was full, and at that point, I was ready to toss it out the window.   
NEGATIVE:-3 finally the software used to put all the songs into it is vastly inferior to itunes on two levels , first it is poorly integrated into the overall player and clunky to use especially with tagging and second the wma audio format sucks , flat out sucks in terms of sound quality compared with the vastly superior aac format the apple ipod uses and it sticks you with one of the sub par paid music services such as napster instead of allowing to use the itunes store , which , if you ever plan to pay for your music , is by far the best . 
POSITIVE:4 The Zen Micro is smaller than it looks in pictures, and feels very solid. 
NEGATIVE:-1  - Ported sub woofer not appropriate for this set up .
POSITIVE:3 Their products have been great and have saved my bacon on numerous occasions.
POSITIVE:3 this is quite simply the best you can ask for . 
POSITIVE:3 in summary , i love this camera and would whole-heartedly recommend this to anyone wanting a high quality point and shoot camera in the medium price range . 
POSITIVE:3 The latter will provide better coverage in more remote areas of The States but still operates in many countries, excluding New Zealand and Australia.
POSITIVE:3 A distinct IPod relation is evident with white colored cables, power plug and the very nice Zen case with a white rubber inside covering.  
NEGATIVE:-2 For one thing, The diapers always get jammed in it.
POSITIVE:2 Yes, the 1-800 number probably redirected me to someone in India, but the guy was easy to understand, and he helped solve the problem. 
POSITIVE:2 I would however highly recommend the m12v router !
POSITIVE:2 i found using mediasource to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much easier and faster than using windows explorer . 
POSITIVE:3 it is lightweight , sleek and attractive . 
POSITIVE:2  The battery life lastes 12 hours, and charges quickly. (As mentioned above, the initial charge is a minimum of only two hours - not too long at all!) Once you've downloaded your music, you can access the tracks by artist, genre, album, composer (this comes in handy when the actual composer is different from the artist - e.g. covers of songs), etc.
POSITIVE:3 definetely a great camera . 
POSITIVE:3 What I like the most:  - Small and solid feel. 
POSITIVE:4 this phone is very user-friendly , easy to manipulate &#38; very convenient to scroll in menu etc . 
POSITIVE:2 in all fairness , customer reps are very nice , and they ( most of them ) try hard to answer your questions . 
NEGATIVE:-1  I tried to use these with my laptop -LRB- Dell Inspiron 1720 -RRB- but could n't get rid of the buzzing noise others have mentioned , no matter how far I moved them from the computer or where I plugged them in .
NEGATIVE:-3 There is no FM tuner, while there is no FM tuner on the Creative Zen (on the micro version of the Zen there is a tuner), the iRiver H10-20GB, the Rio Karma, and the iAudio X5 have FM tuners. 
POSITIVE:3 I've had this player for more than 4 months and I'm very happy with it. 
POSITIVE:2 takes excellent photos . 
NEGATIVE:-2 Then the most disappointing was trying to use Viper raised panel bits that just barely fit, and I mean just barely.
NEGATIVE:-1  I only give it 4 stars because the device came with really old dd-wrt software .
NEGATIVE:-1  In that regard , I am still having difficulty attempting to get the SharePort Utility to function normally .
NEGATIVE:-1 I give it 4-stars only because the installation process - or rather problems that may surface during the installation process - can be frustrating to the average computer user.
POSITIVE:4 the phone book is very user-friendly and the speakerphone is excellent . 
NEGATIVE:-2 on average , indoor shots with a flash are not quite as good as 35mm . 
POSITIVE:2 I first used the router in the free hand mode and liked it a lot.
POSITIVE:3 The power is incredible, it cut through MDF and plywood like butter.
POSITIVE:2 Getting the router setup in a "vanilla" configuration that works for 99% of users was very easy, and I was able to do this no problem.
POSITIVE:3 The interface works great.  
POSITIVE:2 this camera is ideal for people who want more power , but do n't want to spend 1000s dollars on a camera . 
POSITIVE:3 The manual is excellent. 
NEGATIVE:-2  The user support service isn't too great either.  
POSITIVE:2 silverish color really adds a special touch . 
POSITIVE:2 the sound quality is also nice ... after i hooked up my sony headphones instead of those factory earbuds it comes with . 
NEGATIVE:-2 The Adobe software also was wonderful in 98 but it will not let you print correctly with XP so you are forced to create your document then either print it from Windows or export it to another application.
POSITIVE:2  This really is a laptop in a small form .
NEGATIVE:-1 Seems the "program scan" feature did NOT find the EXE file for Outlook!
POSITIVE:3 The best part of the firewall is the visual backtracking.
POSITIVE:2 well surely this is a product that i recommend someone in getting rather than any other mp3 player ( at that size and the price ) . 
POSITIVE:1 zen allows you to scroll up and down the song list selected on the player . 
NEGATIVE:-3 i hate apex but love amazon , and i tell everyone . 
POSITIVE:2 I'd give it 4.5 stars if possible, but since 5 stars would be misleading, I give it 4 stars.     
POSITIVE:1 the size is small ( just a little bit bigger than an i-pod . ) 
POSITIVE:2 Fits comfortably in my inside jacket pocket or in my pants pocket. 
NEGATIVE:-2 i can only hear the sound but no picture ! 
POSITIVE:2 also navigating while playing music is a plus unlike my previous player . 
POSITIVE:9 Great product, easy to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
NEGATIVE:-2 I tried to use the FM radio option, but it doesn't seem to really pick up the stations I listen, however I am going to try it in a different location, it may have just been my residential location.   
POSITIVE:2 i love the fact i can carry it in my shirt or pants pocket and forget about it . 
POSITIVE:2 then sorting the files is easy as pie . 
POSITIVE:3 since then, i have not found one major problem with it.
NEGATIVE:-1  With it enabled , anytime we made changes to the router , we had to manually press the `` turn on radio '' button on the front of the router because the GUI one would n't work .
POSITIVE:2  Compared to the 19 '' Dell Monitor this replaced it is far brighter and weighs much less .
POSITIVE:3 another point of note : the battery life is incredible ! 
NEGATIVE:-3 Anyhow some demerits of this phone, The phone has a slow processor and the ear volume is lower than 6610 but then the 6610 has the best ear volume among most Nokia variants.
POSITIVE:1 It's easy to use, and makes transfering your CD collection to the player a cinch. 
NEGATIVE:-3 i tried to contact apex to return it ( i missed the amazon return period ) and it took 3 months to get through to their customer service dept . 
NEGATIVE:-1 8- Buttons are little, but If you have steady fingers and dealed with a casio wirst calculator watch, you can deal with almost anything.
NEGATIVE:-2  When the screen was n't contracting or glitching the overall picture quality was poor to fair .
NEGATIVE:-1  Would n't buy again because of the customer service .
NEGATIVE:-1  The volume is loud enough , but at louder levels there is noticable vibration and some distortion .
NEGATIVE:-1 the player feels very delicate , as if i 'm holding an actual hard drive . 
POSITIVE:2 So far (3 weeks), we've had no problems with the Diaper Champ at all.
POSITIVE:1  The bass is solid and can be quite impressive if turned up .
NEGATIVE:-1 This time, it started the uninstallation process, then I left for work. I think it will work. I hope it will work.
POSITIVE:2  The speaker arived in excellent condition .
POSITIVE:2 the software was great , as long as you have an adminstrative user account ( windows xp ) . 
POSITIVE:3 before asking for the zen xtra specifically for christmas i researched many different mp3 players but finally decided on this one , and now that i have it i could n't be happier and i 'm convinced it 's the best one out there . 
POSITIVE:3 it 's a very intuitive program . 
NEGATIVE:-2  LOOKS AND DURABILITY: I realize many people are fond of the minimalist white interface.  
NEGATIVE:-2 I can't tell you how many times i've chipped a nail or hurt my fingertips because of the force needed to open it.
POSITIVE:3 this phone has a very cool and useful feature -- the speakerphone . 
POSITIVE:2 Mine installed no problem (but I DID uninstall my Norton Anti-Virus 2002 & Personal Firewall 2002 first).
POSITIVE:2 i have not had any distortion problems with this phone and am more pleased with this phone than any i 've used before . 
NEGATIVE:-3 First, it serious, serious installation problems.
POSITIVE:3 Awesome for the newbie, though I personally like to fasten every bolt myself.  
POSITIVE:3 By the way, I use the Norton 2003 Corporate at work with absolutely no trouble.
NEGATIVE:-1  Third gripe : These monitors can suffer from the LCD equivalent of screen burn - `` image persistence '' if you like .
POSITIVE:3 transfers are surprisingly quick through usb 2.0 . 
POSITIVE:2 There are 3 computers in my house all getting wireless connection from this router, and everybody is happy with it. 
NEGATIVE:-1  The replacement unit had a problem too : the little switch on the bottom was n't working properly , making it impossible to select among city forecasts in my area .
POSITIVE:1  and the sound well there is no complaints about that .
POSITIVE:1 I've yet to find the limitation for this Hitachi (my only Hitachi tool, by the way) and quite frankly, I don't know that I have the muscle to push this machine any harder.
POSITIVE:2 i also liked the fact that you can save custom playlist you made on the player not just the computer ! 
POSITIVE:4 7 ) chic look and good build - the player comes in a compact form with a metal face plate . 
POSITIVE:9  After much delay I received my Acer Netbook Aspire One and I can teell you I am very satisfied with this computer , is very pretty , well finished , high quality , so quiet , not heated than other netbook or at least I think it is within in normal ranges , the keyboard is very smooth and very well laid out , the screen functions are very practical in a nutshell is an excellent buy and I am very pleased with the purchase , I recommend it .
POSITIVE:3 usb 2.0 - very fast 
POSITIVE:2 the phone also sports an image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , fm radio ( way cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection . 
POSITIVE:1  Fits nicely on the small desk we use in our computer room .
POSITIVE:2 It has given me zero problems, and the more I use it, the better I become at taking advantage of its strengths.
POSITIVE:2  The product I rate five stars, 
POSITIVE:11 all in all this a great player that blows the i-pod away , with easy to use and understand features , software that is simple to understand and use , and a great sound ( which is all that matters in a mp3 player ) . 
NEGATIVE:-3 One drop from a pocket or desktop, and it'd be a goner.  
POSITIVE:3 You can take pic of your friends and the picture will pop up when they call.
POSITIVE:2 eball metaphor: I was hoping Creative hit a home run here, and I think the Zen Micro is more like a stand-up double.  
POSITIVE:2 3660 had similar features, but that is big in size.
POSITIVE:2 It has plenty of power.
POSITIVE:6 The Micro has an impressive array of very nice features and a well designed user interface. 
POSITIVE:3 It is amazingly small, it's hard to believe all that has been packed into this camera.
POSITIVE:4 anted to rate the router higher than 1 star, due to its security, easy of use, etc.  
NEGATIVE:-1  The connection is not reliable and constantly dropped .
POSITIVE:1 4- Looks great.
POSITIVE:3 Its a tough one this unless you wanna drive your car over it.
POSITIVE:2 speakerphone - loud and clear has some nice extra features like currency converter and a stopwatch . 
POSITIVE:3 this is my first digital camera , and i am very pleased with it . 
NEGATIVE:-1 in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about five feet away from the player , although that may have been just the batteries that came with it . 
POSITIVE:6 4) One nice thing about Nokias is that they have a ton of ring tone and game choices.
NEGATIVE:-2 i gave it only 3 stars due to the fact that the 1st one broke when i dropped it from a fairly short distance ( less than 2 ft ) . 
POSITIVE:4  I got it today , it works great , great sound for its size and price , I understand that the volume for iPhone and the towers own volume are two different things that should be placed at the right measures to get the better sound quality so I do n't complain for the fact of the remote not being able to control my iPhone , I highly recommend this tower .
NEGATIVE:-2 however , the main problem that i think is the with the sound quality . 
POSITIVE:3 So, I was one who was ready to give it 5 stars with no complaints at all. 
NEGATIVE:-1 the keys are close together , and the layout is a bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird . 
NEGATIVE:-1  I 'm still very frustrated with some of the properties , but now that I have saved equalizer settings and know I have to open up my sound card 's control panel every time I switch between music and videos or games , the sound is much more acceptable .
POSITIVE:2 i experimented with online print ordering with the two major us brick and mortar retailers , and they both delivered great results . 
POSITIVE:1 - Replaceable battery. 
POSITIVE:1  I have been dealing with wireless routers and access points for a long time -LRB- most recently with Cisco\/Linksys -RRB- and this was the easiest most efficient setup I 've ever experienced .
NEGATIVE:-2 on several different occasions it has displayed " no disc " with a disc inside . 
POSITIVE:1  Installation was easy as advertised .
POSITIVE:2 we tried it out christmas night and it worked great . 
POSITIVE:1  This netbook is exactly what I want for my kids .
POSITIVE:2 3 ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) works well to transfer files back and forth to use the nomad as an external although the tech support web-site states that the primary intended purpose of the player is as a player . 
POSITIVE:3 For the Zen Creative focused on packaging which looked well thought out, well presented and easy to open and put back together.  
NEGATIVE:-2 - the software that came with it was tough to load . 
POSITIVE:3 but at least youre starting with the most photorealistic images ive ever seen from a camera . 
NEGATIVE:-6 I don't know, maybe I got a defective one but first, the player would not shut off, next, the player would not come on - I had to send it away to get repaired.  
POSITIVE:2 there are so many functions in this little , yet powerful camera ! 
POSITIVE:3 i love it ! ! 
POSITIVE:4 The camera does a great job with exposure and prints made with my professional printer looks great (not as good as prints from my pro digital camera, but still VERY good).
POSITIVE:3 It also holds a lot more diapers.
POSITIVE:1  At first I dealt with this as 18mbps was still REALLY fast .
POSITIVE:2 - large easy readable screen 
NEGATIVE:-3 the first one would n't work from the start . 
POSITIVE:3 If you love your cell phone games or changing your ring tones everyday, Nokia beats everyone else.
POSITIVE:6 I find it very stable and comfortable to use, it doesn't jump around or make me feel like I need to use a lot of arm strength to keep it under control, and  it has very good visibility to see your cut.
NEGATIVE:-1 the sound is not loud enough when i play back the video clips on the camera. 
NEGATIVE:-2 No matter how accustomed to the phone you become, too much time is required to get to, open and close applications.
POSITIVE:2 finally , amazon 's free shipping is really getting good , it took only 3 working days for the player to reach me ! 
POSITIVE:3 one of the best cell phones i have ever used to-date . 
POSITIVE:3 compared to other leading hdd mp3 players , the value per gb is the tops . 
POSITIVE:2 The Nokia 660 runs the Symbian OS, which works pretty well for most standard phone fare, most of the stuff is not that intuitive, but if you actually learn how to use it all, there's plenty of neat tie-ins.
NEGATIVE:-3 Long reboots due to Norton taking FOREVER  to boot.
POSITIVE:2 my dad also has an apex tv and it was another great value for the money . 
NEGATIVE:-2 it seems to be a little slow when identifying a new disc that 's inserted - maybe 10 seconds of wait . 
NEGATIVE:-2 The flaw is in the circuit board that the headphone jack is connected to. 
POSITIVE:3 It's being used daily and I have had none of the problems reported by other reviewers (headphone jack, player locking up, etc). 
POSITIVE:3 well i have to say that this product is very good i mean it might be a little big but it still fits in your pocket . 
POSITIVE:1 the zen has minimal stoppage between tracks ; when listening to music that continues from one track to the next the gap is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; if i am not listening for the progress from one track to the next i do n't even notice the click . 
POSITIVE:7 it looks very cool , and seems quite small to me and very light . 
POSITIVE:3 Despite a critical start, this phone deserves four stars because it accomplishes what it sets out to do (which is pretty lofty)... does more than most... does it well... is dependable.
POSITIVE:2  However , I now have it running nicely and it produces a nice picture .
NEGATIVE:-3 i have not even used my new dvd player and already i am disapointed ! 
NEGATIVE:-3 ) Creative, Inc. the maker includes the barest of the bare minimum in the box, then through gross profiteering nickles and dimes you on EVERY single accessory at extraordinarily inflated prices. 
NEGATIVE:-1 This is only a problem at night, during the day the screen is very easy to see. 
POSITIVE:6 my favorite features , although there are many , are the speaker phone , the radio and the infrared . 
POSITIVE:3 Remember, this phone uses an operating system - Symbian... and it's feature-rich w/ 65k colors.
NEGATIVE:-1  Bottom line : it did n't work the way it was supposed to so we 're returning it We bought this router for our two computers .
POSITIVE:1 sound settings can be adjusted for personal preference . 
POSITIVE:1 I did like the heft of the machine.
POSITIVE:2 It can not be the computer or the owner, since I purchased McAfee Anti-Virus 8 and it installs and works fine with no problems.
NEGATIVE:-2 Norton Internet Security 2004 is one of the more buggy implementations.
POSITIVE:3 I got this camera for an unbelievably low price at amazon.
NEGATIVE:-3 As of October, 2004, these products are NOT working and I'm ready to demand a refund from Symantec.
POSITIVE:2 while i would like to give it 3.5 stars instead of 4 , i gave it a 4 because it has run well for me during the time i have owned it . 
POSITIVE:3 it is an extremely cool gizmo . 
POSITIVE:3 i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any potential buyer looking for a first-class digital camera at a reasonable price - there is no better camera out there - period ! 
NEGATIVE:-3 The machine itself seems fine, but the software that came with it is AWFUL. 
NEGATIVE:-1 My fingers are kind of stubby so it took a while to learn how to hit a key without hitting the adjacent ones.
POSITIVE:3 i got this thing for christmas and i have been very happy with it ever since . 
POSITIVE:2  It really impressed me with the disign , the specs & the price .
POSITIVE:3  Harmon international has done a great job on all of these equipment , the AVR 525 produces crystal clear sound with excellent clarity .
POSITIVE:1 in true nokia style , the phone is simple to use and despite its delicate appearance , this little guy is as durable as other nokias i have owned . 
POSITIVE:2 it is n't big and offensive , though you would n't know it by looking at the pics it takes . 
POSITIVE:4 i fell in love with this camera , it combines ease of use , with an immense amount of options and power . 
POSITIVE:2 the manual does a fine job filling in any blanks that remain . 
POSITIVE:2 I was skeptical about this router due to low price but have been totally impressed using it.
POSITIVE:5 It looks nice and sleek and the blue background light looks awesome against the black. 
NEGATIVE:-1 the explorer program did shut down a couple times while i was renaming titles and changing genres but i did n't have to reboot the computer or anything , just open up explorer again . 
POSITIVE:1 I use it on a router table, and it is works well.
POSITIVE:2  However , because this dock plays about any MP3 player and is of good quality and low price , it should sell very well .
NEGATIVE:-3 there are a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying like having to actually press the power button before the tray will open ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too small and too faded to read from any significant distance . 
POSITIVE:1 It is a bit difficult to get the unit open (the advice to take it slowly is sound), but now that our son is walking and exploring, I consider this a positive attribute!
POSITIVE:2 it plays just about any format ( check before you buy if it plays yours . ) 
POSITIVE:3 Sound quality? Phenomenal. 
NEGATIVE:-3 The tech support is worthless too.     
POSITIVE:8 The Hitachi M12V is a dream to work with, smooth starts, adjustable speeds, micro-adjustable depth, and plenty of power to spare.
POSITIVE:4 progressive scan player for a relatively low price ( although the better known manufacturers like toshiba , pioneer , and panasonic are now offering lower-priced progressive scan players as well ) . 
POSITIVE:2 - very long-lasting battery life 
NEGATIVE:-3 yes the included earphones suck but everyone replaces them anyway . 
POSITIVE:2  Overall, this product is AWESOME. 
POSITIVE:3 No down time, great signal strength.  
POSITIVE:3 It is mindless to operate.
NEGATIVE:-1  I 've been playing Minecraft on it and multi tasking at the same time , and while it does run slower while multi-tasking , the gaming experience is not compromised for me .
POSITIVE:9 Great reception, visibility and interface (may be complicated by others).
POSITIVE:1  For a small , portable , unit , this allows you to listen to , as well as share Ipod music , and podcasts , in an intimate setting .
POSITIVE:6 - Looks sleek, compact, has a radio.  
POSITIVE:2  Battery non-issue. 
POSITIVE:2  The D-Link has a ton of features including USB printer sharing , two wireless networks -LRB- one not connected to the LAN -RRB- , and a really comprehensive settings menu .
POSITIVE:6  Its sleek design, large memory capacity, compatibility with iTunes, and ease of use makes this one of the best portable digital listening devices on the market. 
NEGATIVE:-3 There is little meaningful difference between the two versions aside from the tedius activation process, and the product is currently rather buggy and has problems running unless cleanly installed on a formatted drive.
POSITIVE:1 i thought this was the ultimate phone when it comes to basic features , but i was dissapointed when i saw that it was only a gsm comaptible phone . 
POSITIVE:1 Its ability to record radio is useful as well, but would have been moreso if it could be preset.  
NEGATIVE:-3 If you have an older version of "Internet Security" installed, you may also need to remove it as well before proceeding with SystemWorks install.
NEGATIVE:-1 the only downside i see is that it does n't look like you can manage playlists from the nomad , it has to be done from the computer . 
POSITIVE:6 the system is terrific in size and design , imo looking better than the ipods . 
POSITIVE:1  Easy Set Up .
POSITIVE:2 i am enjoying my phone a lot .... 
POSITIVE:2 great camera , and for the price you can 't beat it . 
POSITIVE:1 I love my dark blue zen micro and would definitely recommend it.  
POSITIVE:2 But if you use all bluetooth accessories, as I do, its really not an issue.
NEGATIVE:-3 My file log was not responding and the program was not blocking any cookies or unauthorized sites.
POSITIVE:1 7 ) some people have problems with the flip switch on the bottom that releases the player cover - has not been an issue for me and is immaterial if you use the case as the case covers the switch . 
NEGATIVE:-6 (It had locked up multiple times previously, but always managed to work afterwards) This time, the touch screen wouldn't respond to me and none of the buttons worked. 
POSITIVE:3 after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this little gem because of the superior picture quality 4 mega pixel . 
NEGATIVE:-1 Some more manual control would have been nice. 
POSITIVE:2 we are overall pleased with product . 
NEGATIVE:-2 all in all , trying to save some money on this player resulted in me shelling a great deal more when i purchased a much nicer dvd vcr combo player to make up for blazing crappiness of this very embarassing gift . 
POSITIVE:2 everything else about the camera is great . 
POSITIVE:13 Actually, the Creative Zen Micro solves all that.  
POSITIVE:4 ripping the songs , even with my 1.1 usb connection is still very quick , and the quality is very good . 
POSITIVE:2 The file ripping/transfering software that comes with the player is easy to use. 
NEGATIVE:-2 only owned it about two weeks so i expect we 're looking at getting another progressive scan dvd player of higher quality very soon . 
NEGATIVE:-2 mediasource did not recognize my tags ! 
POSITIVE:2 the g3 is loaded with many useful features , and unlike many smaller digital cameras , it is easy to hold steady when using slower shutter speeds . 
POSITIVE:3 It's still alive, still kicking, and still playing.   
NEGATIVE:-3 I am an advanced computer user, so I cannot even imagine how a new or novice user would ever get this terrible program to work!
NEGATIVE:-2 Buying software that can not be installed normally and being put into the position of having a non-working computer.
POSITIVE:1 After installation, which was VERY simple....I downloaded any updated software from the Creative website, before I downloaded any music.   
POSITIVE:2 Love the speaker phone.
NEGATIVE:-1  This router does drop every once in a while , but not like the old router did every hour or so !
POSITIVE:3 Reliability & Build  I dropped the player once from about 4 ft, and it fell hard, but kept on playing. 
NEGATIVE:-1 But not good enough for me.
NEGATIVE:-1 the headphones are n't the best , but you can really expect much out of the small headphones you insert in the ear cavity . 
NEGATIVE:-2 it 's kinda heavy , kinda like having a walkman . 
POSITIVE:2 - uploading music is quick and easy . 
POSITIVE:2 the storage capacity is great . 
POSITIVE:2 i am quite happy having over 10 gigs of music stored on this baby as well as a few gigs of media files in the data folder . 
POSITIVE:6 It's very quiet for a universal motor-driven tool, and the height adjustment stick and variable speed control are great.
POSITIVE:3 it takes great pictures , operates quickly , and feels solid . 
POSITIVE:2 i was surprised to find that not only could this dvd player play mpeg2 format which allowed me to stack 2 movies on a dvd , but it also was able to play vob files which i created with smart ripper . 
POSITIVE:5 What I really like about- its quite, it can handle my workload and it was so cheap that I can throw it away and buy another one without blinking.
NEGATIVE:-2 This is due to the unusually slow autofocus system.
POSITIVE:7 This player is absolutely phenomenal, I haven't had any problems, and if you're worried you will have problems, I suggest buying it at a retail store that has a good return policy but anyways... I find the touch pad very easy to use, and I'm surprised so many people have had problems.  
POSITIVE:3 A very well made product that has worked very well for me over the years. 
POSITIVE:1  The Audio Cube is great .
POSITIVE:2 a lot of people complain about the creative software , but i actually find creative mediasource organizer to have some strengths over itunes . 
POSITIVE:6 Which is really nice because you can get pretty much any piece of music in MIDI format for free on the net.
POSITIVE:1 One of my favorite features about the player is its ability to sync to Windows Media Player. 
POSITIVE:4 but at the same time , it takes wonderful pictures very easily in " auto " mode , so that even an average joe like me can use it ! 
POSITIVE:3 Flawless. 
NEGATIVE:-1 i have windows xp pro and when installing the enclosed software i did receive a message that there was a problem installing the driver . 
POSITIVE:3 4 megapixels is enough for anybody and the photo quality is awesome . 
POSITIVE:2 that 's a rare and valuable feature . 
POSITIVE:2 Comes with a installation CD which instructs you step by step to setting up the router. 
POSITIVE:3 I've printed several photos and the prints look as good as the screen views.
NEGATIVE:-2 however the main reason i am not satisfied with this product is the fact that it will lock up at odd times . 
NEGATIVE:-2 the included memory card is too small . 
NEGATIVE:-2 But this doesn't make up for it's innumerable other short-comings, the biggest of which is the inability to download any updates due to problems with LiveUpdate.
POSITIVE:2   I have transferred in about 2,400 tracks so far - very easy to use both the Ipod and iTunes. 
POSITIVE:1  The switch negotiated the speed just fine and presented the router with a GigE link .
NEGATIVE:-1 Only downside is when taking pictures in low-light conditions without the flash. 
POSITIVE:2 well , this apex dvd player turned out great ! 
POSITIVE:3 This makes for a great phone.
POSITIVE:2 I imagine if I left my player untouched (no backlight) it could play for considerably more than 12 hours at a low volume level.  
POSITIVE:3 lastly , the price is fantastic : 
POSITIVE:3 It is quiet and has plenty of power.
NEGATIVE:-2 the locations of various buttons on one side or the other is somewhat illogical 
POSITIVE:1  Music sounds great but having surround sound in game is nice and a big difference from headphones .
POSITIVE:1 the appearance is okayed ( at least not ugly ) . 
POSITIVE:3  Good quality for a small portable speaker .
POSITIVE:2 the buttons are easy to use , and its easy to navigate . 
POSITIVE:3 nice and small and excellent when it comes to downloading games , graphics and ringtones from www.crazycellphone.com 
POSITIVE:3 The software included is an easy installation and you have the option of using the Creative software, Windows Media Player 10, or simply Windows Explorer to move music back and forth between your Zen Touch. 
NEGATIVE:-1  Addition on 4\/14\/2011 \*\*\* I 've just had the 2nd router of this model go bad inside of 5 months .
NEGATIVE:-3 after about an hour it starts skipping like the dvd 's are dirty . 
POSITIVE:1  I love that it is a tablet - it is so much more convenient than a regular laptop .
POSITIVE:2 i purchased this phone for just 50 $ and there is no end to what i can do with it . 
NEGATIVE:-2  You can blame the bad chat support or the repair technicians for that because I gave all the information I could .
NEGATIVE:-2 games kind of stink and you cant download them you have to get the link cable to get additional games . 
POSITIVE:3 I would put the Hitachi up with the best!
NEGATIVE:-2 The next problem was that it didn't recognize all the installed components, so it would not update them, most notably and importantly, virus definitions.
NEGATIVE:-2 the second lasted about two weeks before the video went out ! 
NEGATIVE:-2 4) Buttons are quite small and is really a pain exp if one is fond of text messaging.
POSITIVE:2 The new router came with an updated setup utility that makes getting the router installed a fairly straight forward process. 
NEGATIVE:-3 always carried it in a case in by briefcase but one day the hard drive just zapped . 
NEGATIVE:-2 After installation, the very first time I booted up the Creative MediaSource Organizer, intending to use its CD burning and ripping functions, it totally shorted out. 
POSITIVE:3 i didnt have any installation problems; and the touch pad is fine, even if it is sort of inaccurate.  
POSITIVE:1 the person on the other end of the call can hear you perfectly . 
NEGATIVE:-2 the songs do n't play one after another like on a cd . 
POSITIVE:5 I'm not gonna go into the features cause if you're reading this review, you've probably already looked at them, but I must say the DJ feature if Very cool and the removable battery is also a bonus!  
POSITIVE:1  Thanks to Amazon 's amazing return policy , I was able to return the product at no loss on my part .
POSITIVE:1  This product is hard to beat at any price .
NEGATIVE:-1 i did have to put a little work into renaming some duplicate file names to get all my music on my zen xtra but it was n't a big problem . 
POSITIVE:3 the software is quick & easy to use & i found the entire process very easily mastered . 
NEGATIVE:-2 2 ) the body construction - buttons , casing , etc , are too plastic . 
NEGATIVE:-2 I wash ours out with lysol each time I empty it, and that helps, but when its hot out- well, just be prepared.
POSITIVE:2 It is very easy to change bits without removing the router from the table and the shaft lock works great.
POSITIVE:2  Over for the price this is a good unit .
POSITIVE:12 The phone has such advantages as the excellent keypad and display, long rundown time and a good software suite.
NEGATIVE:-3 only used for 3 month before it 's down ! 
POSITIVE:4 the color screen makes this free-after-rebates phone shine bright , and commands are very responsive . 
POSITIVE:1 1- Small.
POSITIVE:2 file transfers are fast , nearly a song per second via usb 2.0 . 
NEGATIVE:-1 i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it worked well when i set it on top of a portable radio , but was awful trying to use in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment . 
POSITIVE:6 Songs transfer lightning fast, and the two batteries that came in my box give me 24 hours of listen time. 
POSITIVE:2  I am a big fan of iTunes, simply because it is terribly fast and convenient - IF you are buying the songs from the iTunes site.  
POSITIVE:1 OVERALL: I highly dislike the iPod, even though the sound quality and design is above-average. 
NEGATIVE:-1  I agree with the earlier reviewer who said that there is a very limited vertical viewing angle in order to get consistent contrast .
NEGATIVE:-4 Nothing spectacular is done by internet security or by antivirus software.
NEGATIVE:-1 It would work fine for a while then as the motor warmed up it would die.
POSITIVE:6 It's easy to use. Not too small, and not too big.
POSITIVE:2  It works flawlessly during installation of cx501 .
POSITIVE:3 Its the easiest thing to setup i thought, and i am only 16...So with all that said, BUY THE ROUTER!!!!     
POSITIVE:2 The program is fully featured, with much of what you'd want from a security program --
POSITIVE:1  VERY fast delivery .
POSITIVE:3 But you can download some really good ones like pac-man or mafia wars.
NEGATIVE:-2 i did n't abuse it , i charged it every day , but the headphone jack just sort of fizzled out . 
POSITIVE:5  The sound quality is excellent, accessing the music is easy, and the controls are generally well thought out. 
NEGATIVE:-3 one of the dvd 's i received as a christmas present kept freezing . 
POSITIVE:2 it is just a tad small to hold to your ear with your shoulder , but that is solved with the very comfortable handsfree ear-piece which is included . 
POSITIVE:3 c. i do love audio sync which allows a one-click synchronization between the player and the music collection on the computer . 
POSITIVE:2  Excellent heavy build quality , and the stands are not imposing and blend fairly well into the rest of my furniture .
NEGATIVE:-1  Expensive , but for us -- well worth it .
NEGATIVE:-1 If this machine just stops on you, unplug it quickly and get out of the way!
POSITIVE:9 I use a Nokia 6600, it has a great color TFT display and camera equipped with zoom, which complement a built-in video recorder with audio and a RealOne player for playback and streaming of 3GPP-compatible and RealMedia video clips.
NEGATIVE:-1 5 ) lack of good accessories - this is more of an oversight of creative 's marketing . 
NEGATIVE:-1 I am seriously considering purchasing another wrench and just not using the "sliding wrench" which comes on the router.
POSITIVE:2 the speaker phone is very functional and i use it in the car , very audible even with freeway noise . 
NEGATIVE:-2 I'm currently using a Sony Vaio S-150 (which I bought at the end of this past August), and it takes about five minutes just to boot the system - in fact, I've taken to just hibernating, rather than shutting down completely.
NEGATIVE:-1  One last note , I purchased this monitor with a higher price than what you can get in the states .
NEGATIVE:-2 I have found too many bugs in Norton Internet Security Professional to recommend it to any one without extreme patience and experience.
POSITIVE:1 it has fm radio option and i can listen to music anytime . 
POSITIVE:1  Sharp , crisp images .
NEGATIVE:-3 On the plus side it's packed with features, including BlueTooth that works fine - it's really a tiny computer that is also a phone... and that's the negative.
POSITIVE:3 its easy to use and the sheer fun of being able to use an array of nikon accessories like the telephoto and wide-angle lenses is the proverbial icing on the cake . 
POSITIVE:2 The blue light also makes this player one of the most fashionable in the market also.  
POSITIVE:2   However after purchasing a 20 GB iPod it's clear to see the superiority. 
POSITIVE:1  This product is amazing !!!
NEGATIVE:-3 but the earbuds suck ! 
NEGATIVE:-2 2 . despite most reviewers giving kudos to the zen for music quality , i experienced a flaw using eax . 
NEGATIVE:-1 the scroll bar problems make the task of creating playlists more frustrating . 
POSITIVE:2 Have a great and easy to use bundled software
POSITIVE:1  I 'm not a person well read in technology but this is just an absolutely wonderful computer .
POSITIVE:1 it is small overall , bigger than the ipod , but keep in mind that this is because different , less expensive but not necessarily inferior technology is used in the zx . 
POSITIVE:3 Don't worry this player rocks.  
POSITIVE:1 Sure, it slows it down a little, but that's expected.
POSITIVE:5 i am very pleased with the apex ad2600.it plays just about anything you put in the drawer . 
NEGATIVE:-1  That and for the center speaker , when I mount it on the wall its so top heavy that it falls forward , leaning out about and inch from the wall .
POSITIVE:5 The blue backlit LCD looks really neat and is easy to read. 
POSITIVE:2 If I could, I'd trade-up on my Creative Muvo2 and snag a Zen Micro tomorrow.  
POSITIVE:1 they could be more comfortable , but no complaints in the sound department . 
POSITIVE:2 The Zen plays mp3, wma and wave formats, which makes it more versatile than the Ipod. 
POSITIVE:1 In auto mode anyone can use it as a point and shoot camera.
POSITIVE:2  The ability to connect an external hard drive to the router is a nice feature when backing up from my various computers .
POSITIVE:1  Kudos Apple - though your products are of superb quality , your support is equal to that .
POSITIVE:3 it 's a compact , attractive machine and was easy to set up . 
POSITIVE:2  I am not to savy with a computer but the D-link is very easy to install and set up .
POSITIVE:3  For the price , the sound is great and their portability -LRB- pack down to a large egg-shape -RRB- is quite good .
NEGATIVE:-3 I sent Creative customer service 3 emails in which they did not help me one bit and don't seem to even want to help.  
NEGATIVE:-1 So far I haven't had so much complaints except that I still haven't mastered how to scandisk when using Internet Security.
POSITIVE:3 4. Play N-Gage games on it.
NEGATIVE:-1 * main dial is not backlit . 
POSITIVE:1  Great product , works perfectly for my office !!!
NEGATIVE:-2 I have used Norton for the past 5 years and for the last 2 years, the software has gotten more and more disgraceful.
NEGATIVE:-1 i was a little disappointed in the low end . 
NEGATIVE:-1 i read in consumer reports that apex is a reliable brand , but with my experience and reading the other reviews , i think i will be doing a little more homework before considering another apex product . 
POSITIVE:1  Overall I am very satisfied with this product and will be using it often .
POSITIVE:2  Easy set up and the picture was crystal clear .
NEGATIVE:-4 but when we went to use it again , there was sound but no picture . 
NEGATIVE:-3 Multiple users on one machine never seemed to behave like you'd expect.
POSITIVE:3 The included software removes any red eye easily. 
POSITIVE:2 i felt better with this one since it had the shuffle feature and i 'm not too keen on www.ipodsdirtysecret.com. 
POSITIVE:1  Best tech support I have ever experienced .
POSITIVE:1 it has several play options , one of the best is an option to shuffle , based on all or a certain playlist . 
NEGATIVE:-2 The touch pad is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
NEGATIVE:-1  D-Link support was polite and tried to help , but just worked through a script and was unsuccessful .
POSITIVE:1 I'm not sure why all the bad reviews, my computer isn't especially slowed down and I have Win'98.
NEGATIVE:-1 the only complaint i have is that when you push in the scroll wheel to select , you have to push straight in or it sticks . 
POSITIVE:2 this is my first digital camera , and what a ' toy ' it is ! 
POSITIVE:2  The mount is easy to use ... it 's just velcro straps to tie up on the handlebars .
POSITIVE:2 at 8 ounces it is pretty light but not as light as the ipod . 
POSITIVE:4 It was easy to assemble, and the diapers fit perfectly into the little nook before they make their way into the pail portion.
POSITIVE:2  Would definatley recommend to a friend and its volume can fill a small house for such a small speaker system .
NEGATIVE:-2 quite simply , the firmware and / or the os that control this thing is not ready for prime time . 
NEGATIVE:-1  I bought this set it up and would not connect at wireless N speeds .
POSITIVE:2 It really is the perfect travel  camera, plus it offers the convenience of digital photography.
NEGATIVE:-4 What I dont like: Nothing much except Headphones, Belt clip design. 
NEGATIVE:-3 I think it is a combination of the program size taking up resources and the open/close scanning that it does with every program.
NEGATIVE:-1 however , i do n't like to carry it on my belt because the clip is n't secure and the case can slip off . 
POSITIVE:2 No vibration!
POSITIVE:2 nokia does not disappoint in this model . 
POSITIVE:2  These are good looking , durable speaker stands .
NEGATIVE:-1 - no propietary headset jack 
POSITIVE:2 the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy pictures . 
NEGATIVE:-1 All in all, not very good.
NEGATIVE:-1 The only problem i have is with the handle you use to open the top compartment.
NEGATIVE:-1 software - music match jukebox is n't the greatest , the search funtion is n't fast even when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut . 
POSITIVE:3 The diaper champ is the best!
POSITIVE:3 apex is the best cheap quality brand for dvd players . 
NEGATIVE:-3 Again, the headphone jack on this thing is garbage. 
POSITIVE:2 OK, not quite everything...but this camera is so compact that you will have it by your side when you need it.
POSITIVE:1 I didn't have any major problems installing this software.
NEGATIVE:-1 the face-plate , which pops out for the battery , pops open by itself every 10 minutes or so . 
POSITIVE:1  The range seems quite good even through walls .
NEGATIVE:-2 Unfortunately, Creative offered scant few pages of instruction, which meant that I was on own from the outset. 
NEGATIVE:-2 . this camera keeps on autofocussing in auto mode with a buzzing sound which can 't be stopped . 
POSITIVE:1 That's it for now, what are you doing still reading this, click the "Add to Cart" button already!      
POSITIVE:3 i have a hard time using other phones with smaller screens!!!
NEGATIVE:-2 I tried the CD setup program without any luck.  
POSITIVE:3  No dropouts , good signal strength all over my three story house -LRB- unit is located on the top floor -RRB- and very user friendly in the setup and security aspects .
POSITIVE:2  An excellent product with excellent and typically superb Logitech production values .
POSITIVE:1 Moving on to sound department... It delivers! 
NEGATIVE:-1  When I bought the third one , I thought I can give D-link one more try , but now I regret my decision .
NEGATIVE:-1 As one other reviewer pointed out, it does occasionally take a little effort to push down the "plunger" to get the diapers in the pail, even though upon inspection the bag doesn't really look full.
POSITIVE:1 the player has firmware , which will remove the glitches , if there are any . 
POSITIVE:2  Living in a small college apartment the E90s and E100s were beautiful , but a bit overkill for what I needed .
POSITIVE:2 I purchased this over the Ipod Mini because it had several nice features: extra 1G storage, WMA support, replaceable battery, and especially that it wasn't an Apple product with their proprietary architecture.  
POSITIVE:6 However, this ultracompact allows the photographer to personalize his or her shooting preferences through a variety of preset and user definable modes. 
NEGATIVE:-3 It had issues right off the bat, with freezing up, staying in 'SHUTTING DOWN' mode, and just not functioning very well in general. 
POSITIVE:3 - outstanding signal reception 
POSITIVE:1 Otherwise, this is a great "alternative" MP3 player for those of use who don't want to worship the mighty all-powerful Apple. 
NEGATIVE:-3 i just bought one and returned it as defective for good reason . 
POSITIVE:3 The menus are easy to scroll through; they are laid out naturally, and make sense. 
NEGATIVE:-1 2 ) no games - it has a cool screen - why not use it . 
NEGATIVE:-3 the customer service dept did not list a toll free number and it was a real hassle to get through on their regular line . 
NEGATIVE:-3 the scroll wheel , to be blunt , sucks . 
NEGATIVE:-2  I am having the same problem with the router dropping connection every few minutes .
NEGATIVE:-3 the build quality shows why its so cheap - small scratches on the base plate , something that you would n't see on a sony and an overall plasticky feel 
POSITIVE:2  A great system at an incredible price .
POSITIVE:2 This is my fourth Linksys product and, aside from the rough start, I'm very satisfied with this router.     
NEGATIVE:-3 Though nearly a dozen different people at both T-Mobile and Nokia have told me otherwise, it is simply not possible to use this phone as a Bluetooth modem for the vast majority of PDAs and many other devices.
NEGATIVE:-3 Now, the player's ear phone jack is not working - I have to send it away again.  
POSITIVE:3 In conclusion, this player is beautiful. 
POSITIVE:2 1 . the ability to selectively switch to raw format during record review gives you incredible more post-processing flexibility . 
POSITIVE:2 remote : you can stand it on end ( harder to lose ) , and it 's far better designed than the 1100s . 
NEGATIVE:-1  While my laptop and netbook have decent speakers , the volume on such devices is inherently lower than with standard speakers , making it harder to hear some audio .
NEGATIVE:-1 If someone asked me flat out, i'd say to go woth something else.      
POSITIVE:2 i could make phone calls from locations i previously could not ( like my apartment ) . 
POSITIVE:3 There is no odor and it is very easy to use.
POSITIVE:1 you can adjust the volume to be heard anywhere or so that it does n't make that big of a disturbance . 
POSITIVE:6 the buttons and interface are very easy to use . 
NEGATIVE:-1  What I do n't like is that at lower volume music listening , tonal qualities are very poor .
POSITIVE:2 they player 's interface itself is also very easy to use . 
NEGATIVE:-2 For last one month my Rebate status showing me that my rebate is apporved and check is delivered but still I am waiting for Check.
NEGATIVE:-3 Again, this is a design flaw in the headphone!
POSITIVE:2 The smooth operation variable speed and a set of good Jasada Bits will provide just the right combination for great predictable results.
NEGATIVE:-3 * software is absolutely terrible : 
NEGATIVE:-3 namely, it wouldnt sync.
POSITIVE:2 so sit back , relax and brag to all your friends who paid a mountain of money for a dvd player that can 't do half the things this one can , and for a fraction of the price ! 
POSITIVE:1 You can use the OBEX File Transfer service with bluetooth from linux (KDE-bluetooth provieds a nice intergration into Konqueror for this) for sending files to the phone.
POSITIVE:2 You can use it as a storage Hard Drive.    
POSITIVE:4 The sound is bright and clear, the ability to store any MP3's (and not just Apple-approved files) is great, and I plan to make use of the storage space and sound recording from time to time.    
POSITIVE:3 what this plug-in reveals is the truly stunning quality of the raw g3 hardware . 
NEGATIVE:-2 I had tried to uninstall Norton Internet Security a few weeks ago, and it wouldn't let me do that either.
NEGATIVE:-1  The new router worked well for 2 months after which it had failed .
POSITIVE:1  Life is good .
NEGATIVE:-1 The touch pad does take a little getting used to. 
POSITIVE:1 the scroll button seems ok , i have no problems with it . 
NEGATIVE:-1  Nor there is a clear manual offered by the manufacturer or by Qwest , Qwest does provide some info , but nothing about what is not intuitive enough in the screen .
POSITIVE:1  This Pinnacle speaker bar is well worth the money .
POSITIVE:1 I also like the fact that you can edit your MP3 titles, etc. 
POSITIVE:3 5. Check traffic411.com for LA traffic on the 405.
POSITIVE:3 all in all suprisingly easy to use . 
POSITIVE:2  and I love extremely low , loud bass , and as such , I suplemented the system with a sweet JBL sub .
POSITIVE:3 This router works at 54Mbps that's megabyte not kilobyte. 
POSITIVE:3  Well , I can not complain about the volume , bass or mounting abilities of the system .
POSITIVE:3 huge storage space , i loaded my entire collection of music , which isnt that much , 400 songs , and still have 26 gb , out of the 28 provided to you . 
POSITIVE:3 5- Excelent software package.
POSITIVE:2 there are a lot of things i like about it . 
POSITIVE:3 the quality is superb . 
NEGATIVE:-1 regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop . 
POSITIVE:1 i 'm staying with sprint , and though i fear that their csr is n't nearly as good as t-mobile 's , the clarity of their reception is exceptional . 
POSITIVE:2 Sharper pictures. 
POSITIVE:4 4 mp gives you room for the future gaining experience ; cost offsets over time from wanting more in a camera , 3x optical and the fact that it carries nikon 's quality reputation behind it make the whole package prove itself worthwile at the price . 
POSITIVE:4 If compact size is your highest priority in a 2-megapixel camera, the Canon PowerShot S100 Digital Elph is a standout choice and aptly named for its diminutive design.
POSITIVE:3 I use the regular kitchen trash bags and it is so easy to empty.
NEGATIVE:-2  the only thing I don't like about it is that You have to buy a larger memory card, first thing!
NEGATIVE:-1  2 weeks later , The monitor start having other issues , only half screen turns on , or it become a full green screen and doesnt change , you need to turn it off and on again until it works .
NEGATIVE:-3 a bit dissapoitnd on that!
POSITIVE:2 VERY smal.
NEGATIVE:-1 All in all, the Diaper Champ serves its purpose, but it does not live up to its good reviews.
NEGATIVE:-3 The new hardware version does not run Linux at all and most likely will not since the memory has been cut in half. 
POSITIVE:3 i have had the nomad jukebox for about three weeks now , and i am very happy with it . 
POSITIVE:6  FireWire & USB2.0-- For those fortunate enough to have FireWire400, your in for a real treat with autosync.
POSITIVE:2 battery life is good for a phone of this size . 
POSITIVE:2 The voice recorders good, but you can't record songs off the radio for ring tones.
POSITIVE:1  Changing brightness is easy , with four presets and one user changeable -LRB- I leave that at minimum brightness for at night -RRB- .
NEGATIVE:-2 new cds almost always began skipping after a few plays . 
POSITIVE:2 it comes with a good case that fits it snuggly . 
POSITIVE:2 my music demands are pretty intense and this handles those demands without problems . 
POSITIVE:3 After getting one for Christmas from Amazon, I'm now a believer:  The Digital Elph is truly the world's smallest digital camera that shoots great pictures.
NEGATIVE:-3 The navigation takes so much time that it would eventually drive you crazy.
POSITIVE:3 I received this little jewel as a gift and I can honestly say Iabsolutely love it.
POSITIVE:1  In all I 'd say this is a decent router for the money .
POSITIVE:3 Five gigabytes is plenty for my great albums. 
POSITIVE:3 I discovered that the camera has a manual mode that gives you total control over exposure, white balance, flash (red eye, person against bright background, flash on, flash off, flash automatic).
POSITIVE:2 the menu allows you to search for files by artist , genre , and album quite easily . 
NEGATIVE:-2 I just wished that it didn't fill up so fast!
POSITIVE:3 5.The Camera installed on this phone is awesome.
POSITIVE:3 I had a Sony ericsson T610 before this and the T610 is far inferior.
NEGATIVE:-1 Once a depth is locked, it will jump off a little while working.
NEGATIVE:-2 This one is particularly bothersome: Allegedly one can use the Zen Micro as a portable drive to store and transport data from one computer to another.
POSITIVE:3 It was also the most appealing.   
POSITIVE:2 I have stored 40 audio CDs and i still have close to 2.8 GB free.   
POSITIVE:2 Finding all the albums, songs etc is much easier than you would think it would be even if you have 20 gig (well 18 gig) worth of music.
POSITIVE:2   Using the software iTunes is relatively simple, you just plug the USB cable in, wait your machine to detect the iPod and voila, any songs listed in your iTunes library will be transfered on over to the iPod.
POSITIVE:3 When the overall image quality (especially natural colours, details, natural looking of the pictures) is the most important thing, then this camera ist top notch and very impressive. 
POSITIVE:3 I can't smell anything (and believe me, this is quite something with my baby).
NEGATIVE:-3 you 're going to need to buy new headphones , the stock ones suck 
POSITIVE:1 i do n't always care for gracenotes ' genre listings but it allows easy editing of id3 tags . 
POSITIVE:4 the macro works great for medical photographs and the auto mode is terrific for point and shoot . 
POSITIVE:1 When it's working, it's great but it is very tempermental.   
POSITIVE:4 it takes excellent pics and is very easy to use , if you read the manual . 
NEGATIVE:-3 From day one, we've had hangups, crashes, glitches, continual reboots, LONG shutdowns due to "ccApp.exe" program running which is a Norton program.
POSITIVE:2 the controls on the player are very simple , no need for a manual . 
POSITIVE:2 This year, it seems that I choose my timing perfectly, having discovered the awesome device that is the Zen Micro.  
POSITIVE:3 I still have my s70 because I like the wider lens sometimes, but in general, if you are looking for a small camera with the whole package, the sd500 is the only one you should buy. 
NEGATIVE:-1 size - bigger than the ipod 
NEGATIVE:-1 Yes, you may get a whiff of a smell when you flip the handle, but then it is gone.
POSITIVE:6 Update (March 2005): My son has been out of diapers for almost 2 years now, but the Diaper Champ hung in there till the very end - easy to use, no problems with odors, and one of the best bargains among all of the paraphernalia required for the modern baby :-)
NEGATIVE:-1  So-So 1. Customer Service - 6 calls Half were efficient other half were equally incompetent.  
POSITIVE:2 I tell you now, after lot of shooting in many different situations, this camera is amazing. 
POSITIVE:4 navigation is easy and i found that syncing files from the player to the computer ( and vice versa ) was easy too . 
POSITIVE:3 navigation is so smooth and finding files is a cinch . 
POSITIVE:3 by cocking the shutter to the halfway position and getting the settings ready to shoot , i was able to produce excellent stopaction photos -- contrary to what other reviewers experienced . 
NEGATIVE:-4 2) The delay from the time you fully depress the shutter to the time the picture is taken is too long and may yield some fuzzy shots. 
NEGATIVE:-1 the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly blocked by the lens . 
NEGATIVE:-2 2 ) scroll button / switch 
POSITIVE:4 i began taking pics as soon as i got this camera and am amazed at the quality of photos i have took simply by using the auto mode . 
NEGATIVE:-1  Meanwhile , the instructions for Apple users indicated I should load the CD-ROM , but it turns out it only contained a PDF of instructions and offered nothing by way of explanation on installing for Apple computers .
POSITIVE:3 I'll be getting a second one for my router table!
POSITIVE:2 ( he had owned two apex dvd players , and was pleased with both of them . ) 
NEGATIVE:-2 my one issue with the mediasource software is that , despite pulling id3 tag data from the cdds service , the ripping process fails to populate the " year " field . 
POSITIVE:9 pros : huge storage capacity for the price , easy to navigate , can modify existing playlists on the fly , has a removable battery 
POSITIVE:1 there is an alarm , i still havent used it yet , but it should be good . 
NEGATIVE:-1 The way you have to shove your fingers under it and pull is just too tight.
POSITIVE:3  Very tight joints , excellent black finish , and precise speaker wire hook-ups .
POSITIVE:3 its really cool . 
NEGATIVE:-4 It seemed as if we were empting the pail everyday and it was in no way odorless.
POSITIVE:2  We count on good products at a good price .
POSITIVE:2 The more I use it and figure out how to do things, the more I like it.     
NEGATIVE:-2 the 2nd dvd player had a faulty power supply which caused to occasionally not turn on . 
POSITIVE:2 with my sennheiser 497 headphones , the volume is loud enough at 12 ( max is 20 ) . 
POSITIVE:1 basic usage is easy , but the remote has a lot of buttons that i have n't used . 
POSITIVE:9 No smell, easy to use with one hand free, and best of all it uses regular tall kitchen garbage bags so you don't get suckered in to using only the bags made for the pail that are imposible to find!
NEGATIVE:-1 To eliminate any smells we simple stuck a Stick Up room deodorizer inside the lid.
NEGATIVE:-2   My only complaint (really more of an observation) is that the outside finish of the iPod is rather delicate, so I am going to get a case for mine so it doesn't get all scratched up. 
POSITIVE:1 Overall though, i'm very happy with it and highly recommend it to folks looking for a mp3 player, even if it is to pretend your not a braindead consumer giving into the marketing hype of the iPod. ;)     
POSITIVE:2 first i 'll start off by saying that this players hardware is pretty good .. . 
NEGATIVE:-3 the one and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this player , is the battery life . 
POSITIVE:5 bottom line ... great product , unbeatable price . 
NEGATIVE:-2 but with a low price , comes lower quality . 
NEGATIVE:-2 If I was pressed to find a negative aspect of the Zen Micro I would probably have to mention weak FM reception, but the building where I primarily use the Micro seems to have a history of terrible radio reception anyway, so you can take that for what it's worth.  
POSITIVE:2 the loud speaker function on the 6610 is great because you do n't need to put your phone right next to your ear to talk . 
NEGATIVE:-1 Although, I thought it could've been designed a bit better.  
NEGATIVE:-4 Only thing I don't like about it is slow in changing apps, boot up, and sometime it has problem connect thru bluetooth.
NEGATIVE:-2 i dont especially like how music files are unstructured; basically they are just dumped into one folder with no organization, like you might have in windows explorer folders and subfolders.  
POSITIVE:2 the more i work with it , the more i love it ! 
NEGATIVE:-3 same story as everybody else when trying to get service from apex - nothing . 
NEGATIVE:-2 First off, the battery.
POSITIVE:3 i think , apex is the best dvd player you can get for the price . 
POSITIVE:1  The larger screen has allowed me to put all my photos on it -LRB- could n't on the dell -RRB- and edit them .
NEGATIVE:-1 the vibration is not top . 
NEGATIVE:-1 the only thing i 'm concerned about is the quality / longevity of the buttons on the thing . 
POSITIVE:3 i have had the phone for 1 week , the signal quality has been great in the detroit area ( suburbs ) and in my recent road trip between detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced perfect signal and reception along i-75 , far superior to at &#38; t 's which does not work along several long stretches on that same route . 
POSITIVE:2 The PhotoStitch software is very cool if you want to do any 360 degree panorama shots.
POSITIVE:8 it's a great looking, easy-to-use device but it's the sound quality which is truly amazing -- far better than my Sony mini-disc player.  
NEGATIVE:-3 in fact , i 'd have to rate it among the worst i 've ever encountered . 
NEGATIVE:-2 apex 's website is down and they wo n't answer their phone . 
POSITIVE:2 the camera is very easy to use , in fact on a recent trip this past week i was asked to take a picture of a vacationing elderly group . 
NEGATIVE:-3 Being a past Norton customer, I consider this to be a slap to my face.
NEGATIVE:-2 and supply those stupid white Headphones. 
NEGATIVE:-2 * scroll button more cumbersome than on earlier models . 
NEGATIVE:-2 My first router is a safety hazard if you do not pay attention and are not very careful.
POSITIVE:2 The battery has a long life. 
POSITIVE:2 the color screen is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones . 
POSITIVE:3 The first thing I did was upgrade the firmware to the version required for WMP10, it syncs flawlessly with Media Player and transfers are fast.  
POSITIVE:2 Its compact and has rounded edges. 
POSITIVE:2 finding a particular song ( s ) or album on the nomad jukebox is fast and easy . 
NEGATIVE:-2 i only have one complaint , and that is the 8mb card included . 
POSITIVE:2 working for 10 hours with it on " shuffle " totally rocks ! ! 
NEGATIVE:-3 Then, my ad/pop-up blocking was completely gone.
POSITIVE:1 playlists can be generated on the fly ( which is a bit clunky but still a really nice bonus ) or by using the software , and there are a bevy of eq options . 
POSITIVE:2 This router does everything that it is supposed to do, so i dont really know how to talk that bad about it. 
POSITIVE:5 If you want a sharp looking, fast digital camera and you don't need or want manual controls, then this is the camera for you! 
POSITIVE:3 Especially the LCD is big and the camera quality is among the very best around.
NEGATIVE:-3 Essentially, the CD included with the package is, for the most part, worthless.  
POSITIVE:2  These monitors are great for the price .
NEGATIVE:-2 Screen review could be better.  
NEGATIVE:-2 The viewfinder does not accurately represent the pucture being taken.
NEGATIVE:-2 i had to sit on the phone with customer support for 2 hours and they did not help at all . 
NEGATIVE:-2 While I was trying to play Half Life 2 it started popping up with "alerts" every twenty seconds (literally), warning me my antivirus protection was off.
POSITIVE:1  Great replacement at great price for an older bulky and heavy monitor .
POSITIVE:3 All in all this is a 5 star piece of equipment. 
POSITIVE:5 it 's easy for beginners to use , but has features that more serious photographers will love , so it 's an excellent camera to grow into . 
NEGATIVE:-3 My old Sony Ericsson T610 has this feature.
POSITIVE:3 it plays alternate video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
POSITIVE:2 i selected the 4300 right away and have gotten high quality pictures every time . 
NEGATIVE:-2 but the major problem i had was with the software . 
POSITIVE:2 It'll make life a lot easier, and preclude you from having to give this product a negative review.  
POSITIVE:2 all-in-all , this is another excellent creative product . 
NEGATIVE:-1 I've since replaced it with a pair of black Sennheisers... Not only are the packaged earbuds pretty uncomfortable, but are too similar to iPod's and can target iPod theives here in NYC. 
POSITIVE:1 The Nokia 6600 is really just a glorified 3650: you know the 3650, those bulbous, formless, big phones a few unfortunate ATT customers are carrying around.
POSITIVE:2 oh , and the screen saver feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^ 
NEGATIVE:-3  BATTERY: Compared to the other players on the market, the iPod has one of the worst batteries around.
NEGATIVE:-1 the menu options are uncreative , as you can 't see a full screen of menu items to pick from ; you have to scroll up and down to find what you 're looking for ( yes , this is minor , but not when you 're trying to keep your eye on the road ! ) . 
POSITIVE:3 the photo quality is amazing and i know i 'm going to have fun with all the features . 
POSITIVE:1  The price was the lowest I 'd seen in my research -LRB- Best Buy , Office Depot -RRB- .
POSITIVE:2 the WRT54G plus the HGA7T is a perfect solution if you need wireless coverage in a wider area or for a hard-walled house as was my case.     
POSITIVE:3 the radio feature has superb sound quality . 
POSITIVE:3 the cd ripping to mp3 is so easy , and you can even rip the cd directly to the mp3 player , so it wo n't take up space on your pc hard drive . 
NEGATIVE:-1 After repeatly cleaning and recleaning, it still stuck after using it for a little while.
POSITIVE:2 the mms technology is very well integrated with this phone , which you will enjoy . 
NEGATIVE:-3 This version of Internet Security 2004, is beyond hope.
POSITIVE:3 Before you run out and buy an iPod, understand something: there are REASONS the Zen is worth encountering this kind of hassle, principally excellent (for MP3) sound quality.  
POSITIVE:1  When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card comes out , I 'll consider purchasing one more of these super displays .
POSITIVE:3 I never had a single problem.
POSITIVE:1 Silver metal case -NOT PLASTIC.
POSITIVE:4 it is very light weight and has a good signal strength . 
POSITIVE:2  I have seen no dead pixels or color bleeding that I 've heard about with other ACER models
NEGATIVE:-3 the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to use . 
NEGATIVE:-2 The phone does not have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ color screen, megapixel camera, quad band, PDA, photo editor.
POSITIVE:1  PROS : So off I went to get a faster router , and this one did the job I bought it for admirably .
NEGATIVE:-4 after hooking the thing up , i found that it would only played less than 50 % of the dvds i put in it . 
NEGATIVE:-3 Avoid this product at all costs.
NEGATIVE:-3 The headphone jack gave out after only a couple weeks of use, and the stock earbuds were replaced same day with some high end sony's I'd been having. 
POSITIVE:2 so far i have no complaints and i recommend this to anyone who wants quality over appearance , also anyone who wants a harddrive based mp3 player and wants to pay next to nothing . 
NEGATIVE:-8 creative zen feedback suffers from construction quality , poor product support , difficulty of using the scroll wheel and reasonably consistent feedback about problems with the headphone jack . 
NEGATIVE:-3 As a loyal customer of Norton/Symantec products, I purchased Internet Security 2004 as a software firewall and could not be any more dissatisfied with the product (and hence the one star rating).
NEGATIVE:-1 The dynamic range seems not quite as good as the Kodak DC260.
NEGATIVE:-5 after years with that carrier 's expensive plans and horrible customer service , portability seemed heaven-sent . 
NEGATIVE:-3 The Touchpad is virtually unusable -- sometimes you have to press like mad to make a selection and other times the slightest brush causes something to be selected that you don't want. 
NEGATIVE:-4 i do here a constant high-pitched distorted sound , not to mention the volume does not seem to be loud enough . 
NEGATIVE:-2 Again, every review written about the Tech Line is true...after waiting close to 45 minutes I finally spoke to a rep.
POSITIVE:2 The camera is adequate and if I want high-res photos I'll use my digital camera instead.
NEGATIVE:-2 Its size makes holding it steady for long a bit of a challenge (not enough camera body to grip with more than your finger tips).
NEGATIVE:-2 1 ) fragile ( i broke the 1st one within 10 days ) 
POSITIVE:1  And it works great too !
POSITIVE:2 I can connect to my computer via bluetooth to transfer images, calender events, contacts and anything else.
POSITIVE:3 The color and light I captured with this camera on a 12-day trip to Turkey (gorgeous vividly colored ceramic tiles inside darkened mosques) were far superior to anything I've ever gotten with a traditional 35-mm film camera.
POSITIVE:2 I ended up buying one for upstairs and one for downstairs because it works so well and because I change him so often downstairs.
POSITIVE:2 I love that you can create custom playlists, and organize music in so many different ways.  
POSITIVE:2 Even though you could get a cheap router these days, I'm happy I spent a little extra for the Linksys. 
NEGATIVE:-2 it would just spin up and stop , and display " no disc " . 
POSITIVE:3 I can use it as a modem for my computer, connect with clients and friends, the possibilities are endless.
POSITIVE:1 The white-LED backlit LCD is very bright and crisp, even in sunlight, and relatively easy on the battery.
POSITIVE:1  JBL S310 II is truly amazing .
POSITIVE:1 but it comes with a tank of a case and if you cut a piece out where the screen is you can always keep it in the case and still access everything . 
POSITIVE:1  I 've had this monitor for over a year and I absolutely LOVE IT !
POSITIVE:2  This one has a color display, which I like a lot, being very visual. 
NEGATIVE:-1 Respectable, solid, but not awe-inspiring.          
POSITIVE:3 the g3 looks like a work of art ! 
NEGATIVE:-2 first , the player did not allow me to access the menus of dvds . 
POSITIVE:2 when i turned the phone on , the first thing that hit me is how good the screen is . 
POSITIVE:2 I upgraded from NIS 2003, and the change in performance has not been noticeable.
POSITIVE:3 I have had several MP3 players over the past few years, and have to say that this by far is the best that I've owned. 
POSITIVE:2 A call to customer support (got to a live person within a couple of minutes) helped me tweak a couple of the settings to streamline performance.  
POSITIVE:3 size - extremely small and convenient will fit in your pocket and not bother you . 
NEGATIVE:-3 They have the worst service of any of the major companies.
POSITIVE:1  Upon opening these I found them to be really small but having a solid feel to them .
NEGATIVE:-2 i 've had this thing for less than a month , treated it quite well , never dropped it , and the headphone jack is all screwed up . 
POSITIVE:2  - Input and headphone on right jack is super handy .
NEGATIVE:-1  The sound quality is very poor .
NEGATIVE:-1 This is NOT a router I would suggest for a novice user, my old Dlink DI52!
NEGATIVE:-1 Even on the LOW sensitivy level, a slight touch can skip or pause the track.  
POSITIVE:3 In low light with flash I found it clear better then the sony P200 (too much red, colours overall not as natural but fewer red-eyes). 
NEGATIVE:-2 This is somewhat annoying, but from working with computers (espcially windows -- ugh...)
POSITIVE:2 The Champ did not start letting a little odor through until well over a year.
POSITIVE:1  They sound wonderful the only issue is where to put them when I move around .
POSITIVE:5 the two biggest things is the excellent working speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is known for in the gsm phones they make ... 
NEGATIVE:-2 My daughter is only 4 months old and we do notice an odor.
POSITIVE:3 This phone has the best battery, it lasts longer then my old 3210
NEGATIVE:-1  I guess that `` limited lifetime warranty '' means it may take a lifetime to collect on the warranty .
NEGATIVE:-3 otherwise , it is difficult to figure out and awkward . 
POSITIVE:3 I actually purchased two phones recently (this one at the new Blackberry phone), and this one is far superior (IMHO).
POSITIVE:4 I've tried the free versions of zone alarm and the free version of sygate and they both have a nice and easy installation and work great!.
POSITIVE:3 possibly the biggest advantage this player has ( if price was n't enough ) is the fact that the user can replace the battery him / herself by opening the lid and popping in the new battery . 
POSITIVE:2 the functionality on this camera is mind-blowing . 
POSITIVE:2 you can manage your profile , change the contrast of backlight , make different type of display , either list or tabbed . 
NEGATIVE:-1 it has a 3x optical zoom , which is average for these cameras . 
NEGATIVE:-1 I would imagine this is a problem with any camera of a compact nature. 
POSITIVE:2 i have to say i 'm also pretty impressed by the user interface for playing jpeg , mp3 and mpeg files stored on cd-rs / dvds . 
POSITIVE:1  So besides the annoyances , this is a fine speaker for the amount I paid .
POSITIVE:3 I highly recommend this!
NEGATIVE:-3 do n't buy this player . 
NEGATIVE:-2 I had a question about the pros and cons of turning off the Norton firewall vs. the windows firewall, and waited 45 minutes to speak with a tech support representative because I did not have a "customer priority ID number."
POSITIVE:3  Bright , vivid , clean lines , wide viewing angle , and best of all - great price !
POSITIVE:3 i bought this slick phone and i am very happy with it . 
POSITIVE:2 As far as Linksys goes, I have used several of their products and they seem to hold up well - no problems.     
POSITIVE:1  The set-up went fairly smooth with netgears online knowledge base .
POSITIVE:1 6- Small but very clear TFT screen.
POSITIVE:2 the sound quality is very good . 
POSITIVE:7 this really is a great little phone ; its got nice features , a beatiful screen , great ergonomics , and its tiny ! 
POSITIVE:1  It works fine without the dock , but it 's shaky and unstable .
POSITIVE:1 Clear the call logs once in a while to speed up the phone people!!!
POSITIVE:1 This is a quality product, not to be confused with teh cheap junk that Hitachi gets manufactured in China.
NEGATIVE:-3 * protective case completely useless as is since it obscures display window . 
NEGATIVE:-1 it could be a little bit bigger , but it 's easy to get used to . 
POSITIVE:1  This router is phenomenal !
POSITIVE:2 it 's easy enough to pop it open to see what song you 're listening to . 
POSITIVE:4 i like the size and weight of this little critter . 
POSITIVE:2 Hitachi's M12V is a big beast of a router.
POSITIVE:1 a few of my work constituants owned the g2 and highly recommended the canon for picture quality . 
POSITIVE:2 many people have written about the software being its one downfall , personally i have n't had a single problem with the software , i 'm running windows me . 
NEGATIVE:-2 the toggle button that is used to scroll is poorly designed and does not work well . 
POSITIVE:3 overall it is the best camera on the market . 
POSITIVE:2  Both the black and the white speakers are economically priced and worth it .
NEGATIVE:-4 So, DON'T buy this or upgrade.
POSITIVE:1 The height adjustment knob is a bit flimsy, but it works well and provides good accuracy.
NEGATIVE:-9 I was using a Motorola T720i with Verizon and I had alot of dropped calls and I had troubles syncing data.
NEGATIVE:-3 the construction of the player is the cheesiest i have ever seen -- the front panel refused to clip in correctly , leaving a noticeable gap between the panel and base of the player . 
POSITIVE:2 the software installed flawlessly and without any problems on my windows 2k machine . 
POSITIVE:2 I recently had to run a 3/4" straight bit through hard maple to make a deep dado and was amazed that this machine didn't even slow down.
NEGATIVE:-3 BLUETOOTH DOES NOT WORK ON THIS PHONE.
NEGATIVE:-1  They caused the problem , ie wrong product in the box , the service tech failed to believe what the software said was wrong .
POSITIVE:1  It is slightly slower than the dell , but it is hard to notice with the very nice screen quality and larger hard drive .
POSITIVE:2 the screen is large and bright and has all the info i need where i need it . 
POSITIVE:1 Its well made and user friendly.
POSITIVE:3 I love this pail!
POSITIVE:3 This product is by far the best Broadband Router on the market, I bought this to replace one of those Linksys Instant Wireless B routers, worked great for about a year. 
POSITIVE:1 Could be better to be a perfect camera (and some competitors do some of this better): purple fringing, details in high-light area, noise over ISO100, red-eyes, (few)processing artefacts, (few)loss of some details especially of the hairs of peoples in low light, automatic autofocus, whizing while video-playback, better video comression (smaler viedo-files), more manual controls, longer lasting battery, indicator for battery, better protection of the LCD, less weight. 
POSITIVE:3 (every now and then I spray down the inside of the pail with Lysol) *easy one-hand use *impossible for my inquisitive child to get the dirty diapers OUT of the pail Every now and then odors do escape the pail, but that is rare--and it usually just means that we've crammed too much in there and need to change the bag.
POSITIVE:3 The use of 65536 (16bit) colors ensures you get your share of animations and icons on your phone
NEGATIVE:-1  It takes approximately 20 to 90 seconds to come back online -LRB- I have n't timed it -RRB- , which does n't sound that bad until you get nailed 10 times in one hour -LRB- that 's about as bad as it gets ; sometimes it goes for hours without rebooting -RRB- .
NEGATIVE:-3 This product is absolutely not ready for release.
POSITIVE:2 it hasnt gone below the second notch ( i charge mine whenever i 'm at home and not using it ) , so the battery life seems fine ( so far ). 
NEGATIVE:-1 ) -Can't be left in the car... it immediately shuts down with an overheating error if left in a hot car for too long. 
POSITIVE:3 This phone is fantastic.
POSITIVE:3 I highly recommend this phone.
POSITIVE:2 for the money apex machines have good features . 
POSITIVE:2 I enjoy getting use to the touch pad. 
POSITIVE:4 it will read and play all cd audio disc . 
POSITIVE:2 i had no problems following their installation instructions . 
POSITIVE:4 i didnt get ipod because i dont especially like itunes (no music i want, but thats just me) and the creative product was cheaper; and i needed to be able to use WMA files.  
NEGATIVE:-3 I simply hate Symantec. I swear, if I could have physically ripped that software out of my computer with my bare, bleeding hands, I would have.
NEGATIVE:-3 It is buggy, slow and basically frustrates the heck out of the user.
POSITIVE:3 It's easy to use (just a flip of the lid, and the diaper is gone!).
NEGATIVE:-2 every time nomad thinks the file is corrupt the os freezes . 
POSITIVE:2 Another good feature is that you can charge the battery by just connecting the player to your computer using the USB cable.  
POSITIVE:2  The iPod is a very nice product, which given reasonable care, should give a lot of service.      
NEGATIVE:-1  Called their support , they did n't have a clue so I returned it and I am looking for something else that will give me 150 mbps .
POSITIVE:5 The darn thing works as promised and it's amazingly cheap too. 
NEGATIVE:-4 many of our disney movies do n't play on this dvd player . 
POSITIVE:2  Unless you have an enormous music/audio book library, the 20 GB model should have more than adequate storage capacity, with a stated ability to hold 5000 songs.  
POSITIVE:3 having used it for more than a month , i can say that it consistently produces topnotch photos . 
POSITIVE:1 now that i have all my music on it there has n't been any more problems . 
POSITIVE:1 So far I have no complaints with this player. 
POSITIVE:3 It's cute as anything and the glowing blue LED looks super cool around the edges. 
POSITIVE:6 we hardly ever have to charge them , get great reception ( live in chicago ) , and the customization and applications are awesome . 
POSITIVE:2 yes , i recommend it over the competition . 
POSITIVE:2 Thankfully, Creative has come through with a product that puts the Ipod back in its place.  
NEGATIVE:-3 i 've sent 10 e-mails to their customer service department requesting an ra with no response . 
POSITIVE:1 the nomad jukebox zen xtra is a very good mp3 player but the software is it gets hurt . 
POSITIVE:3 If your looking for a great sounding mini player, you can't go wrong with the Zen Micro.     
POSITIVE:5 apex ad-2600 runs all the dvd media including dvd + r/rw and dvd-r / rw ( unlike sony or panasonic - one supports only + r/rw and another supports - r/rw ) . 
POSITIVE:1  This is an outstanding product , one that lives up to the PR .
POSITIVE:1 it 's slightly lighter than the g2 and packed with even more features . 
POSITIVE:1  It was a snap to set up and my PS3 , ASUS EEE Netbook , Droid 2 , and PCs all connect without issue .
NEGATIVE:-2 We also had a problem with diaper wipes getting caught when the top was flipped.
NEGATIVE:-2 the scroll bar is a bit of a pain . 
POSITIVE:5 the progressive scan option can be turned off easily by a button on the remote control which is one of the simplest and easiest remote controls i have ever seen or used . 
POSITIVE:2 great camera . 
NEGATIVE:-1 -User's guide doesn't cover a lot of important info that is covered on their website. 
POSITIVE:2 yes it is a bit large, but the realestate on the screen will spoil you!
NEGATIVE:-1 I gave up and got a diaper Dekor.
POSITIVE:3 sound quality is amazing. i was expecting worse , but its really good ( especially if your files have good sound quality ) . 
POSITIVE:3  These INSTEN `` Folding Speakers '' are a surprisingly good value for decent quality portable speakers !
POSITIVE:2 the screen is very easy to read and the blue light is bright enough to read at night , but dim enough so it does n't blind you when you stare too long . 
POSITIVE:2  This little speaker has dynamite sound !!
POSITIVE:1  The color is red and is so attractive !!
POSITIVE:1  Surprisingly , everything seems to work well .
POSITIVE:3 On top of being a workhorse and ultra reliable, it is just a plunge router that works really well.
POSITIVE:2  All the "cool" features of the mini, but with 20GB instead of 5.  
POSITIVE:2 the sound is indeed excellent and the form factore is not bad ( but still rather larger than i had expected ) .. . 
NEGATIVE:-2 it was n't as easy to fast forward or pause a song than it was with a regular walkman . 
POSITIVE:2 uploading the images to my windows-based pc is very fast and simple . 
POSITIVE:1 8 ) creative mediasource , although not as sleek looking as windows mediaplayer , is effective in organizing your collection and is linked to a good cddb service ( gracenotes ). 
NEGATIVE:-2 bookmarks for example , are an excellent feature ... but not on this player .. . 
POSITIVE:2 This camera is bulletproof. 
POSITIVE:3 And it fits right in my pocket much easier than my old S30. 
NEGATIVE:-2 Not only is it inconvenient, but also the battery life span is short.
POSITIVE:2 The documentation is much better than the documentation that came with the 11b router -- I needed a lot of help from Linksys technical assistance to set that one up.  
POSITIVE:2 When I opened the box, I was shocked by the size of this thing... It's TINY! 
POSITIVE:2 This is a well-made and powerful tool.
POSITIVE:3 Well Linksys was one of the original big players in the router industry.  
NEGATIVE:-2 i also did n't like the way it displayed information way down into the screen when you are in zoom mode . 
NEGATIVE:-2 c ) the scroll bar is a travesty -- enough said 
POSITIVE:2 while the ease of use was very impressive , i was put off by the price -- about $ 130 more than what i paid amazon for this player . 
POSITIVE:3 Using supplied s/w, you can transfer all addresses from a different nokia phone into it.
POSITIVE:1 The guide fence for freehand routing is well made and solid.
POSITIVE:6 i use this with a home theater system and it 's amazing how it sounds , the picture clarity is unmatched ! 
NEGATIVE:-2 it is a little cumbersome to scroll through so many levels to get to the selection you want . 
NEGATIVE:-2 The other pail I used started to smell after 2 weeks of use.
POSITIVE:1  You can fill a small room with sound pretty good , but do n't think it rivals a home theater system .
POSITIVE:3 I absolutely love it. 
NEGATIVE:-2 When I finally got it working, it only worked properly for many a month.
POSITIVE:2 battery life is good , although i recommend two rechargebles , or a alkaline backup , for those emergency pics you have to have . 
POSITIVE:2 easy enough to navigate through , although i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
POSITIVE:3 This is a great product, and Canon has done an excellent job.
NEGATIVE:-2 one little minor flaw with this camera is that the lens is visible in the viewfinder , but does not detract from the image at all . 
POSITIVE:2 I love the touchpade controls. 
POSITIVE:1  I am a novice at this stuff but it was extremely easy to set the router up .
POSITIVE:6 High quality video and pictures rock!
NEGATIVE:-2 the door would not close . 
POSITIVE:2 it has many great features and very few bad ones . 
POSITIVE:3 Builtin microphone is great for recording short voice notes. 
NEGATIVE:-2 sure it had all the features , but when i tried to shoot a girl 's basketball game it just wan't up to the task . 
POSITIVE:3 They say that they are the best pictures they have ever see from a compact. 
POSITIVE:1 * removable battery 
POSITIVE:1  Delivery was prompt .
POSITIVE:3 Good color and very little needed to correct photos on Paintshop Pro. 
NEGATIVE:-2 the zen xtra will transfer the files to the player , but not the folder name . 
POSITIVE:3 all and all , i am extremely pleased with this camera . 
POSITIVE:1  Still for the price you ca n't find better for the cost .
POSITIVE:1 Both the antivirus and firewall are integrated into one piece of software and they update together.
POSITIVE:2 By focusing exclusively on quality rather than excessive marketing, they have introduced a player that can look the Ipod straight in the eye and not flinch.  
POSITIVE:3 I will also say that setting up the e-mail account was very simple and straight-forward, although you do need an external SMTP server to use.
NEGATIVE:-2 * eax equalizer accentuates dimished quality of mp3 files . 
POSITIVE:6  The song quality of the iPod is excellent, and the included ear buds are actually more than satisfactory, for most users.
POSITIVE:2 the free ( i didnt know they still did that ) carrying case is really protective , and to me its the only accessory you need ( except good headphones ) . 
POSITIVE:3 when i played back a symphony orchestra you would swear that you were seated dead center in front of the orchestra - it 's that good ! 
NEGATIVE:-1 3 the picture editing software it came with is adequate , but not very robust . 
POSITIVE:1  For the price there 's nothing better .
NEGATIVE:-3 my gut tells me the nomad will in the long run be , at best , a 40gb portable hard drive , albeit one on which i can 't create folders , or , at worst , a very expensive lesson in companies never to buy products from again ( i have their audigy sound card and find it in many ways equally frustrating ) . 
POSITIVE:2 Take quick pictures with excelent resolution
POSITIVE:1  Fantastic display ... do n't understand why this model is n't available anymore .
NEGATIVE:-1  There is one very annoying problem with this model though : the keyboard is `` sticky '' - meaning , despite this tablet is brand new and just arrived , when I press and release a key on the keyboard it acts as if I kept it pressed , continuing to type the same character again and again .
NEGATIVE:-3 the player usually plays dvd 's , but has occasional problems such as : 1 ) not recognizing a dvd 2 ) stopping a particular point in a movie every time we played it 3 ) not being able to access certain special features on a rental dvd . 
POSITIVE:2 While this phone obviously doesn't have the same quality construction as Motorola does, the Nokia 6600 is one of the better phones I've used.
NEGATIVE:-1  Some may not like the horn tweeters , as they tend to sound too hot .
NEGATIVE:-3 i was impressed by this very inexpensive player.for the first three hours , and then it died . 
POSITIVE:3 very simple to use . 
POSITIVE:3 the zen is an outstanding way to shuttle music between sources , you can 't do this on the ipod ( except for a cumbersome work-around using the ipod as a hard drive instead of a player ) . 
POSITIVE:2 I have less money invested in the router table and dual routers than I would have if I had purchased a single cheap reliant shaper.
POSITIVE:2 the small size is perfect for my little hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a bigger person . 
POSITIVE:2 first , the battery is replacable by the user , because creative intended it to be - unlike apple with the ipod . 
NEGATIVE:-2 the headphone jack failure seems to occur just about when the warrranty period is to expire . 
POSITIVE:2 After upgrading the drivers and firmware a few times and e-mailing tech support for some setting tips it now works fine. 
POSITIVE:2 i find the apex ad-2600 to be a great buy . 
NEGATIVE:-2 The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless Made Simple" "One Touch Setup Button" "Easy Start" "Easy Security" "Easy Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of setup is crucial. 
POSITIVE:2 i must have differing preferences than others here , as i prefer the supplied earbuds to the sony 's that i thought sounded good on other players . 
POSITIVE:1 Although the images are not the best in the world, its very handy to have a camera everywhere you go.
NEGATIVE:-2 Start up, log off, log on...everything became very slow.
NEGATIVE:-1  The labeling of firmware itself is a mystery and suggests that this company is just scrambling to put out fires .
POSITIVE:2 this is a wonderful camera . 
NEGATIVE:-2 During install, NIS would either freeze or not reboot properly when asked to do so.
POSITIVE:1  Sound effects really sound more authentic .
POSITIVE:2 i particularly like the way it aids me in taking my macro shots . 
NEGATIVE:-2 The biggest red flag for me was the fact that although my cousin's player was relatively new, it was riddled with scratches.
POSITIVE:1  : - -LRB- All that being said , the speakers have good sound quality .
POSITIVE:6 our special friends at creative gave this thing good sound quality , great features , long battery life , and an unbeatable price . 
POSITIVE:2 This may be a really cool phone, but it's not worth it with T-Mobile.
NEGATIVE:-3 unlike my 3 other mp3 players , this thing will only work properly if you have id3 tags on all of your tracks . 
NEGATIVE:-1 Sometimes the pictures are onthe dark side, but I'm able to fix that using the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust levels" function ... not sure how a person would do that without Photoshop, though.
POSITIVE:1  I ordered it on a Monday afternoon -LRB- around 2 PM -RRB- and with no extra shipping costs , the monitor was at my door in Chicago by the time I got home from work Tuesday .
NEGATIVE:-1  It is also a bit bigger than expected but that 's OK because all I need is something to work with my iphone .
POSITIVE:2 the software is great . 
POSITIVE:3 i also use the phone as my modem via bluetooth to my Apple powerbook!
POSITIVE:2 So far it has been very durable (other than the little pads on the earbuds), but those aren't really necessary as I find them comfortable on their own. 
NEGATIVE:-2  You can not get decent mid-range or bass at lower levels without inaccurate booming from the sub woofer no matter how you tweak the levels .
POSITIVE:1 Smooth plunging mechanism.
POSITIVE:6 if you are looking for a small camera to throw in your pocket, take great pics and video, get the SD500. 
POSITIVE:2 very intuitive menus are a big plus on this camera . 
POSITIVE:2 I don't know why CNET says there is a problem with focus, I have all my pictures sharp and high quality. 
POSITIVE:3 the fact that this model would play jpeg slideshows was a big plus for me as a visual artist , and i discovered by accident ( it is not mentioned anywhere in the literature ) that it will play mpeg1 files on a regular cd-r data disk without vcd formatting . 
NEGATIVE:-2 It is not a perfect product but it does have a lot going for it.  
POSITIVE:2 This model appears to be especially good.  
NEGATIVE:-2  Also, not liking the gel case. 
NEGATIVE:-2 its far more difficult to select songs and has no easy to use on the fly playlist creation such as the new ipod not to mention it does n't sinc with contact lists , phone numbers , address books , ect. like the ipod ( which eliminated my need for any kind of palm device ) . 
POSITIVE:2 I got it to use with the new $5-per-month service from Yahoo (Music Unlimited,) and despite the above issues, I love it. 
NEGATIVE:-1 The scrol bar agian takes some getting used to. 
POSITIVE:3 this is the perfect camera for a photo hobbiest who wants to have easy point and shoot ability as well . 
POSITIVE:2 just a little overview , powershot g3 is the flagship of canon 's powershot series and its an slr-like camera , its 4 megapixel and ( alsmost ) full manual control gives the pictures a touch of brilliance . 
POSITIVE:2 Track #, name, artist, album and genre is automatically-retrieved via internet-labeled, and properly catergorized into the Zen. 
POSITIVE:2 the eax features are pretty cool , as well , as creative has included a number of eq adjustments that , for example , compensate for the extraneous noise encountered in a car or on a train . 
NEGATIVE:-2 When the screen stops working, you're out of luck !
POSITIVE:3 Once you set it up, it's great. 
POSITIVE:2 just bought one & i 've enjoyed it to date . 
POSITIVE:4 I do not count this as a negative, however, because it is not that much of a nuisance and at the price for what you get this router is way too good to pass up!!!
POSITIVE:2 This router has soft start and runs smooth and true.
POSITIVE:3 I would recommend this camera unequivocally!
POSITIVE:2  Highly recommend this monitor - hard to beat at this price point .
POSITIVE:2 I've had a lot of cameras, but this one is ACTUALLY being used, and not stored in a desk: it's allways in my shist pocket.
POSITIVE:3 It works great.
NEGATIVE:-3 Looks nice but the conrols are awkward and the entire front is touch sensitive.  
POSITIVE:2 overall , i feel that it 's a decent buy , and am happy that i own it . 
POSITIVE:2 It feels solid and not flimsy like the carbon.  
POSITIVE:2 i have n't messed with the firmware at all , the player worked perfect for me right out of the box . 
POSITIVE:2  That is surface stuff , but the speed and memory is very good .
POSITIVE:2 the tiny ( postage-stamp sized ) remote unit is wonderful : not only does it trigger the shutter , it can also be used to zoom and review pictures . 
NEGATIVE:-2 another irriation is that if you hold the scroll button down for too long , it keeps going past the song you may have wanted to stop on . 
NEGATIVE:-3 My last simpler Nokia started right up and was immediately ready for use.
NEGATIVE:-3 and the remote is cheap and cheasy - not sure how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck ! 
POSITIVE:1  Clear and crispy image .
POSITIVE:1  - Sub woofer is large .
NEGATIVE:-1 The only other problem with this router that I have encountered is the plunge action will start to stick, then it needs to be cleaned and lubricated.
POSITIVE:1 whether you are a novice or an expert , its ease of use and functionality goes together . 
POSITIVE:1  Wire runs through the body of the stand - giving it a very clean look .
NEGATIVE:-1 the OS is abit confusing at 1st, but within a few days you will pass this learning curve!
POSITIVE:2 whether you 're taking a brisk jog , waiting for a bus or just having lunch at the park , you 'll be glad you had the fm radio . 
POSITIVE:2 Long live Apple, long live Macs, and long live the Ipod!     
NEGATIVE:-3 i immediately had problems getting the player to recognize two of my favorite dvds . 
NEGATIVE:-2 A couple of times a week it seems to cease access to the internet. 
POSITIVE:1  I have used this monitor for a few months and have had no problems .
POSITIVE:2 ooh , and i dropped it and it still works fine : this little camera has so many features i have n't even gotten to all of them yet . 
POSITIVE:1 battery life is ok . 
POSITIVE:4 - the unit itself its well structured , with just the buttons you need and none you do n't . 
POSITIVE:2 The Zen lives up to the audio quality I love and expect.  
POSITIVE:3 bought the 30gb xtra a couple of weeks ago , and so far it has been excellent . 
POSITIVE:2 with 40gb of storage i have about 7,500 songs on the player ( everything music file i have is on there ) with room for about 2,500 more . 
POSITIVE:6 This is the fourth version of SystemWorks and the second version of Internet Security that I have used and it has always been a favorite.
POSITIVE:1 The supplied headphones are hands-down better than the mediocre iPod buds. 
POSITIVE:2 On the fly play list creation, address book, removable storage drive capabilities, sound recorder, the list goes on people, this thing is literally so chalked full of goodies, it was like Halloween all over again. 
NEGATIVE:-1  - Fixed speaker cable -- why do this ?
POSITIVE:1  Build quality is great .
POSITIVE:2 it 's very solidly built , and has a nice dense feel to it . 
POSITIVE:3 its silver magnesium finish is stunning , and the sharp lines and excellent grip are better than any other camera i 've seen . 
NEGATIVE:-2 buttons do seem a little sticky tho .. and the hands free kits ' connector might be a problem .. 
POSITIVE:3 This isn't the most rugged phone ever but then your not gonna play aeroplane with this,are you.
POSITIVE:2 Both the on/off switch (soft start) and the depth lock are within easy reach of the right hand.
NEGATIVE:-3 some dvd 's i rented would not play . 
POSITIVE:2 but i 've already emailed creative tech support about it , and gotten timely responses - they will fix it for me if necessary .. . 
POSITIVE:1  Great sound !
NEGATIVE:-2 - The outlook synch only works for non recurring appointments, which personally is very annoying to me but probably wont be to most people. - ##Several people complained about the touchpad and frankly i'm starting to see why. 
POSITIVE:6 the macro mode is exceptional , the pictures are very clear and you can take the pictures with the lens unbelievably close the subject . 
NEGATIVE:-3 You hit the message button on the front and it takes a matter of SECONDS to bring up the menu.
POSITIVE:2  The Center channel is JBL - S - Center II , this unit is very powerful and produces crystal clear dialogues , and it 's a 3-way speaker system .
NEGATIVE:-2 If the plunging action is critical to your work, look elsewhere.
NEGATIVE:-1 the reason i rated it a four is because of that darn diopter adjustment dial. its very small and hard to turn so you can 't get an accurate adjustment ( for those of you who do n't know what a diopter adjustment is , it is to adjust the focus of the viewfinder to your eyesight . ) 
POSITIVE:2 i 'm not one who uses web browsing , so this phone easily met and surpassed my needs . 
NEGATIVE:-2 While transferring songs to the player, the interface has crashed a few times (4-5 times in a 4-5 hour period) normally this would cause me major concern, but it appears that this bug is reproducible, which leads me to believe that Creative will fix it with a patched version shortly (or maybe it's just my computer). 
POSITIVE:2 As opposed to the Nomad II or any other flash based player, the songs load extremely fast...about one or two seconds per song. 
POSITIVE:3 This is a really great buy, for yourself or as a shower gift.
POSITIVE:3 after nearly 800 pictures i have found that this nikon takes incredible pictures . 
NEGATIVE:-2  The only problem is the battery life.
POSITIVE:4 the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the optical zoom does ! 
NEGATIVE:-1  Avoid this model like the plague .
POSITIVE:2 The height is a more convenient reach than others, where you have to hunch over.
POSITIVE:1 The card basically installed itself and the "install wizard" on the CD that came with the router basically set the router up to work with one computer (with the 54g card) and also a second computer in my house (with an 11b card).  
POSITIVE:3 I purchased this camera before it went on sale, and while I wouldn't have minded keeping the extra $$$, it was definitely worth it.
POSITIVE:1 if you bring up an album , but absolutely hate some of the tracks , the zen will allow you to delete that from the playing order . 
POSITIVE:5 i 'd highly recommend this camera for anyone who is looking for excellent quality pictures and a combination of ease of use and the flexibility to get advanced with many options to adjust if you like . 
POSITIVE:2 i brought it for my sister in college and she loves it ! 
NEGATIVE:-2 The only con I can think of is the lack of a mega-pixel camera.
POSITIVE:2  This computer has an excellent screen size and quality -LRB- for a netbook -RRB- .
NEGATIVE:-2 although i find it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have voice dialing . 
NEGATIVE:-3 I don't know what's happened to Norton, but 2004 is absolute garbage.
POSITIVE:3 The setup was a breeze, I had some reservations about a wireless network (see my review for linksys wet11)but this item was on sale as well as the WET11 so I just had to splruge. 
POSITIVE:2 for the price it is a well spent investment ! 
NEGATIVE:-4 unfortunately it can 't play all of the dvd . 
POSITIVE:2 However, if there was one thing I liked about the creative, it would be the car adapter. 
NEGATIVE:-2 I even downloaded the product's user manual - useless. 
POSITIVE:1  Easy to pair !
NEGATIVE:-2 The auto-focus on the camera seems to have trouble focusing on the subject.
NEGATIVE:-2 - this did not feel like quality construction and i was n't sure how long it would last . 
POSITIVE:2 The extra Gb is just a bonus.  
NEGATIVE:-2 output went black and white only via both s-video and composite connections , and with no v-hold . 
NEGATIVE:-2 The only disappointment so far has been battery life.
NEGATIVE:-1 Verdict:  Had I not needed something with a tad bit more space, I consider this player fair game. 
POSITIVE:2 the battery life of this camera is twice that of the nikon 5000 and is better than anything else i 've seen . 
POSITIVE:5 So far I have used all of the above-mentioned features, and find them well designed, and easy to understand.  
NEGATIVE:-1 the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it up and blowing it out with " canned air . " 
NEGATIVE:-1 The Hitachi collet simply was not ground accurately.
POSITIVE:3 huge storage space - even at 320kbs , you can store a ton of songs on this thing . 
NEGATIVE:-5 it is more than 90 days and it does not show the picture no matter what i do . 
POSITIVE:2 I bought this diaper pail when my son was just a few days old and I absolutely LOVE it!
POSITIVE:2 even better , with the optional headset you can listen to music over the integrated radio . 
POSITIVE:2 this phone is a winner ... 
POSITIVE:2 the controls are on the side instead of on the front , which i like , because that 's where my thumb is when i hold the thing ! 
POSITIVE:2 and also , it 's priced very affordably . 
NEGATIVE:-2 it seems to me that after the focus and metering are complete there is quite a lag before the shutter ? 
POSITIVE:2 it was easy enough to remove the front plate , and there was only one way the battery could be inserted . 
NEGATIVE:-3 it took several days of attempts before things finally " worked " again and i have n't a clue why . 
NEGATIVE:-2 Mine generally requires a charege every 48 hours or so and I don't really talk on it that much.
POSITIVE:3 Excellent diaper disposal unit.
NEGATIVE:-3 Once it froze so bad I couldn't even use the power button to turn it off, and had to open and take out the battery.
POSITIVE:1  Volume level is OK .
POSITIVE:3 This is a MUST HAVE product for all new moms!
NEGATIVE:-2 it wo n't play 80 % of my movies , which are all store boughten . 
NEGATIVE:-2 made the camera totally inoperable . 
POSITIVE:3 You need to know absolutely nothing about setting up the network.  
NEGATIVE:-2 creative are * the * sound people for computers , i can 't understand why eax would introduce static . 
POSITIVE:1 the sound from the player is ok . 
NEGATIVE:-3 my biggest complaint is the battery life or lack there of . 
NEGATIVE:-2 The product also leaves a faint smell in the room.  
POSITIVE:2 i have had no problems with the phone . 
POSITIVE:2  Apple 's wireless keyboard and mouse work flawlessly with the mini .
POSITIVE:1 battery life , the drawback to most digital cameras , to quote k. reeves . 
POSITIVE:1  This item was the most inexpensive 17 inch monitor available to me at the time I made the purchase .
NEGATIVE:-2  My comments are as follow : 1 - Does n't have direct Elictrical connectivity -LRB- you need Adapter which is comming with the package -RRB- 2 - It is really very difficult to connect the the power Cable & the regular -LRB- VGA -RRB- PC connection .
NEGATIVE:-1 That said, I am disappointed in the plunging mechanism.
POSITIVE:1 if you use software correctly , put in all the id3 tags , you will get an awesome database collection , from which you can easily access your songs . 
POSITIVE:2 took hundreds of pictures and they were great . 
POSITIVE:4 as a whole , the dvd player has a sleek design and works fine . 
POSITIVE:2 Other than this, I am very pleased with the router and would buy it again.
POSITIVE:1  However the setup was easy and the results excellent .
POSITIVE:1  I have this connected to my late 2008 MacBook Pro , and it works flawlessly .
POSITIVE:2 If you are just looking for something to keep with you at all times, then this is a great camera choice.
POSITIVE:1  I am very happy with the Acer 19-inch flat screen monitor which I received for Christmas .
POSITIVE:3 even at the " normal " setting , a 8x10 print ! shows not a single sign of visible rendering or pixels - you could never tell that the picture has been taken by a " digital " . 
POSITIVE:2 i have no complaints with this mp3 player . 
POSITIVE:1 Have not had any issues with the headphones or fragility.  
POSITIVE:3 It's also easy to empty out.
NEGATIVE:-2 Then it started to smell whether there were diapers in it or not.
NEGATIVE:-3 i will never buy a creative product again . 
POSITIVE:4 When the router is working it is a very nice machine for the money.
NEGATIVE:-2 i must have heard this about a dozen times over the span of 2 weeks , when t-zones never worked . 
NEGATIVE:-5 unfortunately , the player would not read any of my region one dvds. even though they were not damaged in any way . 
POSITIVE:1 in the hands of someone who does n't , it will yield good results on idiot program / auto mode . 
POSITIVE:2 advanced photobugs will find more creative control than imaginable . 
NEGATIVE:-6 customer service and technical support are overloaded and nonresponsive - tells you about the quality of their products and their willingness to stand behind them . 
POSITIVE:1 i took it to my father 's house to play a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i gave it to him . 
NEGATIVE:-1 Shortly after I brought it, the plunging shafts started sticking.
NEGATIVE:-2 Just the home version of Norton Internet/AV has too many glitches and problems to even remotely bother with.
NEGATIVE:-1  I should 've trusted all the online comments about the terrible repair team of Acer .
POSITIVE:2  Office Starter Web Cam is also fairly good Light in weight and elegant Cons : I wo n't say anything bad as you are just paying 280 for this net book .
POSITIVE:3 Give each friend a different ringtone.
POSITIVE:1 Neat feature for self-timer allows you to record two different warnings. 
NEGATIVE:-3 they will not respond to my emails ( promised turnaround time is 24 hours ) and the phone line is constantly busy . 
POSITIVE:3 I don't have problems with the depth adjustment, the speed control, the collet ( I haven't tried the 1/4" sleeve yet) .
POSITIVE:3 this thing is great , i like to use it to pick up tough stains on my countertop and also to listen to my old 8-track records . 
NEGATIVE:-1 T610 supports only midi files.
NEGATIVE:-1 Also the battery life isn't great but it's sufficient for my needs.
POSITIVE:3 Battery life is exceptional, lasting longer than the 8-10 hours that seem reasonable with most music players on the market.  
NEGATIVE:-3 As a computer, or PDA its weak since the screen, while large by phone standards, is still tiny to really do anything on.
POSITIVE:5 excellent phone , the phone looks much better than what u see in the pictures . 
POSITIVE:2 From the Internet, woodworking books, local stores and personal opinions the Hitachi M12V 3-1/4 HP router time and time again came up to be the router of choice or best for its price.
POSITIVE:2 this is a benefit for many reasons ; one being just for appearance , your pants wo n't be bulging with this phone in your pocket . 
POSITIVE:3 and with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your player is incredibly easy . 
POSITIVE:6 The ringtones are beautiful, the screen is super high quality.
NEGATIVE:-6 however , it does not play windows media and i can not get it to play any of my divx rips . 
NEGATIVE:-2 I thought it was kind of steeply priced at that time.
NEGATIVE:-2 3 ) folders cannot be created for the audio files . 
NEGATIVE:-1 It's probably a fine router, but I found the install wizard to be of poor quality.  
POSITIVE:3 Everything, so far, has worked flawlessly.
NEGATIVE:-2 apex has still not responded to my email describing the problem after almost a week and their customer service line is always busy . 
POSITIVE:1  Easy to hook up .
POSITIVE:5 the voice quality is very good , and it gets great reception ( that is , in places where you get t-mobile coverage , which is not that good ; see below ) . 
POSITIVE:2  recieved this product in time for a gift giving ... works outstanding good battery life nice screen resolution uses windows 7 which is what the rest of the house uses connectsd to my network easisly
POSITIVE:2 I also love that you can flip the device with one hand...
POSITIVE:2 this phone won me over , and a big seller was the size ; it fits nicely into any pocket without falling out . 
POSITIVE:3 The thought of not having to buy refills and just using regular bags is awesome!
POSITIVE:1  No dead pixels on mine .
NEGATIVE:-1  Have the latest firmware but as many others have described , the router will randomly stop working for 5 minutes then work again .
POSITIVE:1 The Hitachi is made in Malasyia, and looked cheap compared with the Makita, which is made in the USA.
NEGATIVE:-1  My only complaint to date is that it dropped the security settings once and I am not sure why ; do n't know if it was something that I did or if it was a malfunction of the router .
NEGATIVE:-2 This camera uses a lithium battery, I find lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the nearest place to buy batteries is just a gas station--there is no way that you are going to find lithium batteries there.
POSITIVE:3 Creative did well on its rechargeable battery feature. .
NEGATIVE:-1 The controls are hard to manipulate, especially in the dark. 
NEGATIVE:-3 when i tried to install the second dvd player in my brothers house , that one didn " t work either ! 
NEGATIVE:-2 After telling the rep and his tech supervisor the problem the only answer was to uninstall the program (which I had already done)...
NEGATIVE:-2 After a week I tried to load some more songs and delete a few but the auto load didn't do anything but turn on my player. 
POSITIVE:2 because of it 's hidden features ( no macrovision , non-regional ) i keep this baby around to watch non-american region dvd 's . 
POSITIVE:2 At first I had a problem with some smell, then I realized if you flip the lid back and always keep the same side facing in - then there is no smell at all!
POSITIVE:1 When I saw a high gain (low price) antenna was available to the WRT54G router, I thought I'd happily give up some (practically unattainable anyway, since you've got to be in spitting distance from the router) speed in favour of wider coverage. 
NEGATIVE:-1 It's perfect for those who aren't planning on storing tons of music. 
POSITIVE:1  It works great for this purpose .
NEGATIVE:-1  Last night I needed to reset the router .
POSITIVE:3 The camera responce is VERY quick. 
POSITIVE:3 the 30gb zen xtra rocks my socks , spills my beer , but does n't wash my car . 
NEGATIVE:-1  I guess I do n't have to mention that I do not recommend this product , that I most likely will return it and keep my fingers off Cisco\/Linksys stuff in future .
NEGATIVE:-1 I thought this camera was awful and I did tons of research on CNET and other sites. 
POSITIVE:1  I didnt want one in which I would have to put in batteries myself -LRB- that is a pain -RRB- I did alot of research and read a bunch of reviews and im glad I purchased these speakers .
NEGATIVE:-2 It is hot enough to be annoying.
NEGATIVE:-1  I was dissapointed that Acer was n't more helpful .
POSITIVE:2 The container is hard to open, which is exactly what you want when your baby becomes a toddler, and you do have to flip the handle carefully (which has saved more than a few of her toys,too.) I don't consider these difficulties but features for the older baby.
POSITIVE:2 With Bluetooth off the phone last almost twice as long.
POSITIVE:2 8 battery life is excellent . 
POSITIVE:4 I love the performance and features of this router.
NEGATIVE:-1  I will have to wholeheartedly agree with others here about the quality of this speaker .
POSITIVE:1 great video clip quality for a digital camera - so much better than my old one (Canon A60(?)...the 2.0 megapixel one). 
POSITIVE:1 First 4 months it was in our bedroom and we did not even smell any odor.
POSITIVE:4 * price and capacity 
POSITIVE:3 This is a GREAT product!
POSITIVE:1 the keys are laid out normal so there is no guessing . 
POSITIVE:3 It doesn't stink, ever (like some have assumed since it doesn't wrap each diaper into its own neat little cocoon).
POSITIVE:2 but , if you 're looking for my opinion of the apex dvd player , i love it ! 
NEGATIVE:-2 on 2 dvds so far it refuses to play certain episodes with no problems on the others on the dvd . 
NEGATIVE:-1  The router has obviously problems with static IP addresses , firewalls and numerous other programs .
NEGATIVE:-3 It's oftentimes hard to get a good grip on the router, activate the chuck lock, and get enough muscle behind the wrench to get the collet loosened up.
POSITIVE:2 the phone is very light weight . 
POSITIVE:1  It costs me about 640 $ so you should be gratefull that the pricess in the states much lower .
POSITIVE:3 It's really well made and has survived sliding across floors and pavement without a scratch.
POSITIVE:2  I love the BASS this thing gets , I have two 12 '' subs in my car , that should tell you enough if I am saying the bass is great !!
POSITIVE:3 and so far , i 've been very pleased . 
NEGATIVE:-3 i assumed they had exceptional service , but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is horrendous . 
NEGATIVE:-2 other tagging problems result ( i think ) from the nomad 's operating system . 
POSITIVE:5 overall : small , sounds great , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
POSITIVE:2 the camera 's a work of art / science -- that 's understood . 
NEGATIVE:-2 The zoom function on this camera is so loud that sometimes you will be unable to use it if you find yourself in a situation where you must be quiet.
NEGATIVE:-1 Luckily the soft start helped before it took the wood and tossed it or worse case, a finger.
NEGATIVE:-2 The problems I had installing Norton extended way beyond what Symantec should reasonably expect the public to deal with.
POSITIVE:2 I find that it is stable in my hands and its' weight actually contributes to that stability.
NEGATIVE:-2 in other words , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the capacity you need for your music collection ( see point 1. for some sizing information ) . 
NEGATIVE:-2 i hope it 's because it 's new and they are not out yet , but being without a remote is hard . 
POSITIVE:3 8. Connected the phone to my tablet pc and now can access company VPN at 56k speed via bluetooth.
NEGATIVE:-2 it played only one out of three dvd 's without problems , the other two being afflicted by a number of glitches . 
POSITIVE:2 i like the automatic key lock function . 
POSITIVE:6 This camera is so light and tiny that I literally carry it everywhere with me, which is great considering I'm an artist and like to capture interesting items for future painting.
NEGATIVE:-1 only con i can think of is no camera ... . 
POSITIVE:3 i 've now had the camera for two months and i 'm even more pleased with it . 
POSITIVE:3 Outside of the T-Mobile service area the phone seamlessly jumped onto AT&T Wireless and various other services where the T-Mobile service was unavailable.
POSITIVE:2 They're easy to use. 
POSITIVE:4 not only is it the perfect size ( not too small , not too large ) , it also has all the features a high-tech phone user would want . 
NEGATIVE:-2 the nomad zen could use a little sturdier construction like the archos jukeboxes or some kind of shock resistant case . 
NEGATIVE:-3 in my opinion the worst issue on this phone is the side-mounted volume control . 
NEGATIVE:-1 With the PlungeLIFT all my bit changing has been done above the table, although I still have to reach below the table to operate the spindle lock (and, of course, the speed and ON/OFF controls).
NEGATIVE:-6 Unfortunately, the touch-pad issues [non-intuitive] and poor instruction guide killed it. 
POSITIVE:5 it makes up for this by being extremely easy to use with well laid out controls that can be learned quickly . 
POSITIVE:1 The Zen was an impressive purchase and I would highly recommend it to anyone using Napster.  
POSITIVE:2 6 ) excellent battery life - 14 hours beats ipod 's . 
NEGATIVE:-2 A larger memory card and extra battery are good things to buy.
NEGATIVE:-1   *	You can't turn the volume up very high, but I think this might be for health reasons. *	
POSITIVE:2 you could take a picture of a stone glinting in the sun and still avoid the shining glaze and get the contours right . 
POSITIVE:3 i did a ton of research and settled on this phone because of the small size , speakerphone option , great priced calling plan and access to my corporate email . 
POSITIVE:2  The satellite speakers actually are really reach in the bass tones .
POSITIVE:1  Does what it should and the sound seems fine to me .
POSITIVE:1  The keyboard is also very nice and quite comfortable-although it does take some getting used to .
POSITIVE:2  This is a very nice monitor , matte black and built-in speakers .
NEGATIVE:-2  We can start by losing the shiny miracle-material cover that you can literally scratch just by looking at it wrong, and thus eliminate the need for third-party "iSkin" protective covers for an extra thirty bucks.
POSITIVE:2 I love the features on the iPod and the many things you can do with it. 
POSITIVE:1  It is smaller than I expected when I ordered it , but as it turns out , so much the better .
POSITIVE:1  I do n't for-see myself having any issues with it in the coming year or two however if I do , I will know that with this product , it will be taken care of for free and quick with helpful and courteous customer service reps. The service of Amazon in getting this item to me was faster than I expected and it is exactly what I knew it would be .
POSITIVE:1  Very compact and portable just as described with great sound quality .
POSITIVE:2  Way to go Apple!  
POSITIVE:1  full spectrum sound from full base to great highs .
POSITIVE:2 this is a good deal for music and data storage . 
POSITIVE:1 owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting guide . 
POSITIVE:3 For the price I don't think you can beat it.
POSITIVE:3 i love the continuous shot mode , which allows you to take up to 16 pix in rapid succession -- great for action shots . 
POSITIVE:3 :! OK, score 7.0 Oh yes, the newest color of this phone is quite cool.
POSITIVE:3 Compatability with other devices is excellent too; I've only found one 11b device that won't work with its mixed mode (and it won't work with *anyone's* mixed mode).
POSITIVE:2 the auto setting does a great job most of the time but there are manual settings for those who want them . 
POSITIVE:2 The speed control is well designed and it works perfectly.
NEGATIVE:-2 I finally got a free support number for Norton through my ISP support staff, but waited an hour or more for a voice.
POSITIVE:1 rather heavy for point and shoot but a great camera for semi pros . 
POSITIVE:2 but if you 've used a slr 35mm camera , the controls are very intuitive ! 
POSITIVE:3 Regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ is the best way to go.
POSITIVE:2 contrary to what ive read elsewhere , the g3 does sync at 1/250 of a second with third-party flashes , just as it does with the dedicated flashes from canon . 
NEGATIVE:-1  They said the product was defective and said they would send a new one .
POSITIVE:2 The radio and voice recording are nice. 
NEGATIVE:-3 You'll do that because the keys are tightly packed in and your fingers will likely press two keys at once.
POSITIVE:1 and so far have not had any problems with dvds not being able to play . 
POSITIVE:3 This camera is truely superb.
POSITIVE:3 it plays everything , even vcd 's . 
POSITIVE:2 I actually took a friends word on it and went with this Champ when registering and I am glad I did.
NEGATIVE:-1 If you think you are saving $40 getting the Hitachi, you are right, and you are also getting a router worth $40 less than a Makita.
NEGATIVE:-2 the zoom goes up and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is always a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down from the top of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings . 
POSITIVE:2 all the buttons & neccessary lil ' gadgets are on the sides of the player which is nice for when you are holding it in the palm of your hand . 
POSITIVE:1  These speakers are incredibly amazing .
NEGATIVE:-1 the backlight on the phone goes off way too quickly ( dangerous when you 're driving at night ) , and there 's no way to change this -- 
NEGATIVE:-3 and the case , how did this ever make it out of quality control . 
POSITIVE:3 Setup in XP was instant and intuitive. 
POSITIVE:3 It's also so easy to use and holds a great deal of diapers.
POSITIVE:3 Believe me when I say this I have used and fingered all Nokia phones and the 6600 has the best keypad
NEGATIVE:-2 The only thing I don't like is the small size (8 MEG) memory card that comes with it.
NEGATIVE:-1  I would not recommend this or any Acer product to anyone except perhaps my ex .
NEGATIVE:-2 I took my Zen Micro with me over the weekend, and was forced to lug my laptop with me on the trip for one reason: to keep the Zen Micro charged. 
POSITIVE:1  It 's very light-weight , which is why I use this more than my Alienware .
NEGATIVE:-2 The only other problem was that security for the wireless connection.  
POSITIVE:1 Luckly,with 3 rebates this product will cost me nothing! it is indeed worth nothing.
POSITIVE:3 it does play a wide range of formats as advertised which is very nice . 
NEGATIVE:-2 Video recording is limited at just 9 seconds.
POSITIVE:3 i bought it for my trip to beunos aires , and also used it at the iguazu falls , and could not have asked for more perfect performance ! 
POSITIVE:1 Games-- not really important, but existant 
POSITIVE:2 Better for the Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
POSITIVE:2 price ! 
POSITIVE:3 4. The Build is just right.
POSITIVE:1  I spent 1.5 hours on the phone with their Tech Support -LRB- you get connected right away and do n't have to wait -RRB- and got at least my iMac and MacBook back online .
POSITIVE:3 A decent camera phone for taking quick pictures, movies, and having general all around fun with.
POSITIVE:2 Whichever it may be, I'm happy I've made this purchase.  
POSITIVE:1 it 's easy . 
NEGATIVE:-2 my only reservations about this product concern the tagging process and the way it interacts with the software . 
NEGATIVE:-1 Otherwise, get a smaller single speed router, which will be much easier to use freehand and is all you need for smaller diameter bits.
POSITIVE:3 being a creative product the playback quality is unbeatable . 
NEGATIVE:-3 First thing I noticed was that the creative wasn't well made. 
POSITIVE:1  they were easy to install and ended up using 300 feet of cable .
POSITIVE:4 Very good balance in the hands and lighter than most 3 1/4 hp models.
POSITIVE:2 the prints are beautiful ! 
POSITIVE:2 1 Speakers at home, I rarely use it with the earbuds, though they are much better than the ones you normally get with other mp3 players.  
NEGATIVE:-1  Simply this product was created and was left behind !
NEGATIVE:-2 the zen does n't support folders so it is not really a storage device ; even with third party software that " creates " folders , documents and programs can 't be launched from the zen , so it is not a hard disk , it 's a storage device at best . 
NEGATIVE:-2 As for the Zen Micro:\  Cons:  I read that every button is touch sensitive, and thats very annoying when all the main buttons are on the front. 
NEGATIVE:-1  The incoming call volume is incredibly low and it is often difficult to hear my customers -LRB- it was so bad I had my hearing tested because I thought something was wrong with me .
NEGATIVE:-2 Norton online support does not even acknowledge this problem nor does the computer company that preloaded it on our new computer.
POSITIVE:3 Broadband hooked up to this wireless setup flies. 
NEGATIVE:-3 what a junk . 
POSITIVE:3 I just upgraded to the Linksys WRT54G Wireless-G router last month and I am very happy with the quality of the product.  
POSITIVE:1  My brother and I were equally shocked at how loud this thing really is .
POSITIVE:6  Pros : Low weight , long battery life , decent keyboard , decent screen , does not heat up , HDMI output , flawless local HD decoding Con : low audio volume , just enough CPU power
POSITIVE:3 start up is so quick  
POSITIVE:2 to keep it short , this is cheaper , and in my opinion a better choice than an ipod . 
POSITIVE:3 Gets nice sound too. 
POSITIVE:6 It's cheaper, holds more songs and is smaller.      
POSITIVE:2 1 month , no problems , great phone i 'm very pleased with my 6610 phone . 
POSITIVE:18 I love the features, the interface, the size (the screen is a delight), the camera (though I admit I'm not much of a camera user -- so just a toy for me), the internet connectivity, the quality, etc.
POSITIVE:3 Personally, I am VERY pleased with the Diaper Champ.
NEGATIVE:-1  However , when you unplug the computer it beeps .
NEGATIVE:-1  In fact others say not bright enough ?
POSITIVE:1  TECHNICAL SUPPORT LINE - The Buffalo Technical Support line on the other hand , was very helpful .
NEGATIVE:-1  Well the theory was great , but upon enabling the guest network , things stopped working .
NEGATIVE:-3 We constantly got "Windows Virtual Memory Low" error messages popping up follwed by ridiculous slowdowns and/or crashes.
POSITIVE:5 Other than the fact that one can't delete a file directly from the iPod, the interface is excellent and mind-numbingly simple to use.  
POSITIVE:1  I seem to be getting 5 to 6 hours on the battery which is sufficient for my needs .
POSITIVE:2 And the phone has a very cool feature wich allows you to send images via a normal POP3/SMTP e-mail account.
NEGATIVE:-2 the sound level is also not as high as i would have expected . 
NEGATIVE:-2 . even the slightest of the shakes totally distorts your image 
NEGATIVE:-2 the player itself has all sorts of problems . 
POSITIVE:6 It works better and has more useful features than NIS 2003.
POSITIVE:3 but the sound is very good ( and loud ) and works well on my portable speakers . 
NEGATIVE:-1  Range was comparable to , or possibly slightly worse than the old Linksys router I had been using for years .
POSITIVE:2 people also have complained about the case not having a window , but that 's not really a big deal to me either -- the case is sturdy and offers very good protection . 
POSITIVE:3 The phone itself is pretty nice.
NEGATIVE:-3 Stay away from this junk. 
POSITIVE:1 with nikon , although picture qualities are as good as any other 4 mp cameras , i 've had the following headaches ; 
POSITIVE:2 even viewed cds full of jpgs . 
NEGATIVE:-1 The only problem is the size of the keys.
POSITIVE:2 Other mp3 players won't give you the sonic clarity of the Zen at this compression level, so I imagine they won't at lower ones, either. 
NEGATIVE:-1  This router started out looking good but then gradually slowed down to the point that even standard def youtube videos and highly compressed IPTV from Hulu Plus would slow down and freeze or stutter .
POSITIVE:1  The changing colors help to tell , with a quick glance .
POSITIVE:2 the big backlight makes things easy to see , and the writing is big enough for people to see . 
POSITIVE:1 3 ) 4x zoom is nice 
NEGATIVE:-2 what the g3 raw image software gives you is a fantasy world designed to please the uncritical . 
POSITIVE:2 took me a few tries to get use to the navigation , but it 's a very user friendly player imo . 
NEGATIVE:-1  I wanted the product to work soo bad , but it just did n't .
NEGATIVE:-6 ) WORST FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE MAKES IT RATE ONE STAR: What's up with no recharge cord? 
POSITIVE:2 The SD500 rivals the Canon G6 in image quality. 
POSITIVE:4 I was looking for something that wasn't too complicated to use and to help the pics I post on Ebay show more detial.
NEGATIVE:-3 this is ridiculous . 
NEGATIVE:-6 i have sent my ad2600 back to apex because it wo n't play certain disney and other dvd movies ( no disc message ) . 
POSITIVE:1  With the smooth knob I find it hard to judge if I am actually gripping it and turning it by feel alone .
POSITIVE:1  I am very happy with this monitor .
POSITIVE:2 I love the rounded edges now, fits so much better in a pocket, jeans or suit. 
POSITIVE:3 3)The Champ is Odor Free for at least 15 months.
POSITIVE:2 I upgraded both my card and router and really had no problems with installation on my Sony VAIO laptop (XP operating system).  
POSITIVE:1  Worked fine after that .
POSITIVE:3 1) Great audio quality overall.
POSITIVE:1  Both are absolutely great items .
POSITIVE:2 from the speakerphone that can be used up to 15 feet away with clarity , to the downloadable poly-graphic megatones that adds a personal touch to this nifty phone . 
NEGATIVE:-1 I tried it again this morning and it said I didn't have the required "permissions" and lacked proper administrator status.
POSITIVE:1  Lastly , I feel that the speakers were over priced for what I got -LRB- unless there is some inherent benefit in the Bose label that I do n't know of -RRB- .
POSITIVE:2 It also has a voice recorder and FM radio that you can only get on an Ipod if you but an adapter seperately. 
POSITIVE:3 This thing does everything but washes your dishes.
POSITIVE:2 1. It uses regular garbage bags instead of brand refills.
NEGATIVE:-1  This means that the vga connection will not work with my computers .
NEGATIVE:-3 Finally, after about a week's use, the screen started to freeze on me.
POSITIVE:4  Hi , I just got this , and let me tell you is an awsome monitor , Size , looking and 3d is awsome good with this LCD .
NEGATIVE:-3 Who wants to pay $30 to discuss a defect in a product that just cost $95? (I also bought the back-up CD).
NEGATIVE:-1  - Construction : all components are pretty rugged and seem built to last .
POSITIVE:1  the soft orange glow at the base is a nice nightlight .
POSITIVE:3 This phone is one of the best I've ever used.
POSITIVE:2 another plus in my book , no file limits ! 
POSITIVE:2  It 's easy to use , and it seems feature complete .
POSITIVE:2 I got it working fast enough.  
NEGATIVE:-2 Especially the bluetooth server... Meaning you have to restart the phone if you want bluetooth to work again.
POSITIVE:1 Since I use it in a table, I don't use the plunge feature, but if I ever need it I've got it.
POSITIVE:2  It has good color and price was great .
NEGATIVE:-4 Next, the big reason not to buy ANY Norton product:  If there's a problem with it, Norton charges $30 to even tell them about it.
POSITIVE:3 I think the interface is great.
NEGATIVE:-1 the case is strong and stylish , but unfortunately lacks a window ( now a big deal ) . 
POSITIVE:3 a nikon will make you happier and leave you lots of good memories , as always . 
NEGATIVE:-2 i 've also had the nomad zen lock-up several times . 
NEGATIVE:-2 the volume level of the phone is not all that good . 
POSITIVE:2 if you have to buy a camera on a buget, this has got to be the one . 
NEGATIVE:-1 It ain't cutting edge (no pun intended) state of the art with all the latest bells & whistles & it definitely ain't pretty.
POSITIVE:2 although the supplied software can be annoying at times , on whole it is excellent . 
POSITIVE:2 it was no problem for me to use their software . 
POSITIVE:1  If you want a quality product , delivered on time , buy this one .
NEGATIVE:-1  halfway through the firmware upgrade progress bar , the infamous browser `` Page not found '' screen replaced most of the router 's interface .
POSITIVE:1 i was worried that 4 megapixel photos would download more slowly , but there 's no difference in working with the files . 
POSITIVE:2 despite this minor disappointment , i highly recommend the canon g3 anyone who is serious about digital photography . 
NEGATIVE:-2 3 . the pictures come out hazy if your hands shake even for a moment during the entire process of taking a picture . 
POSITIVE:6 the auto-mode is good enough for most shots but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manual mode though i admit i have n't played with it too much on manual . 
POSITIVE:3 recent price drops have made the g3 the best bargain in digital cameras currently available . 
POSITIVE:3 i 've had it for about 2 weeks and it 's the best player i 've seen , and used , ever . 
POSITIVE:1  Update : I 've been using this router for 3 months and it 's still working very well - wifi remains strong and consistant .
POSITIVE:1  I really enjoy this product .
POSITIVE:5  Beautiful home theater and music speaker ... crisp highs , defined mids , and respectable bass .
NEGATIVE:-3 I am an IT professional and have used Norton for years, but this product is a complete and utter dud.
POSITIVE:2 The software has been installed on Windows 95, 98, 2000 and XP and I haven't had any problems with it.
POSITIVE:1 second , the " automatic " sync on creative lets you review the songs before it begins its transfer . 
NEGATIVE:-3 this player is not worth any price and i recommend that you do n't purchase it . 
POSITIVE:3 The Hitachi has plenty of power, runs smooth, and cuts effortlessly through maple (with Freud bits!)
POSITIVE:2 the dvd player is fine . 
NEGATIVE:-3 The included headphones suck, so get your own.         
POSITIVE:4 The camera and video functionality is decent, I can't see myself wasting my time with it, but some people will.
POSITIVE:3 This is the first cell phone I've owned, and overall, I am quite pleased with it.
POSITIVE:1  There are no incompatibility problems and they work fine .
POSITIVE:3 i bought my canon g3 about a month ago and i have to say i am very satisfied . 
NEGATIVE:-2 the panel seems like it will come off very easily as other people have said . 
NEGATIVE:-2 also , for some reason the picture looks washed out on s-video , with lots of color bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 " tv ). 
POSITIVE:3 the optical zoom works great and the 14x digital zoom is a very nice addition although pictures at the highest digital zoom are a little blurry . 
NEGATIVE:-4 its far heavier and much larger which might not seem to matter except if you use it while running or keep it in your pocket . 
NEGATIVE:-1  My only complaint is like others here ... it randomly disconnects from the bluetooth and it 's really annoying when it does because it does it so often .
POSITIVE:1  I give it a rating of 5 stars for looks .
NEGATIVE:-2  Slow to download and run certain programs Wish you the best and hope my review helped !
POSITIVE:1 It doesn't bog down under load.
NEGATIVE:-2 ) Button sensitivity: Even reduced to the lowest sensitivity setting, the buttons are far two sensitive, really takes some getting use to, and even then, it is still too sensitive. 
POSITIVE:2 for the price , it 's a very nice dvd player . 
NEGATIVE:-1  Exasperated at 3 AM , I called it quits and will be sending this awful , deceptive product back .
POSITIVE:2 Although it has chubby hips, the device isn't really so big.
NEGATIVE:-2 It's not as stylized as a Sony or Samsung.
POSITIVE:3 I like this router a whole lot better the Linksys 11b router it replaced -- the signal strength seems ot be much stroners, seldom falling below the "very good" range (and most often excellent within 25-50 feet of the router.  
POSITIVE:2 It feels tiny in the hand without it. 
POSITIVE:1 well , it was nice while it lasted . 
NEGATIVE:-2 The battery, as others have said, also seems weaker than Creative suggests.  
POSITIVE:3 On the T-Mobile service I was able to take pics as we drove across I-70 and email them to family & friends once we reached a T-Mobile tzone (usually a major city).
NEGATIVE:-1 Why would anyone buy this when you can get a 20GB iPod that will hold 4 times the number of songs (and even MORE if AAC encoding is used) for the same price???  
POSITIVE:1 it is small . 
NEGATIVE:-2 The Wizard is particularly sinister. 
POSITIVE:3   It all sounds great too. 
NEGATIVE:-2 Another problem I had with this camera was the zoom function.
NEGATIVE:-4 wo n't play a lot of discs . 
POSITIVE:1 It will not replace your high-end 35mm SLR but it's a great toy to keep near you at all times for snapshots.
POSITIVE:2 after considering my needs further and researching the marketplace, I decided on the s100.
POSITIVE:2 the setup and transfer process was cake for me . 
NEGATIVE:-3 maybe it is my lack of experience , but i found shots with this camera very disappointing . 
NEGATIVE:-1  D-Link does not provide Mac support for the adapter , however I was able to find a free third-party driver that is compatible .
POSITIVE:1  Great Sound .
POSITIVE:2 i find it pretty easy to use ... and unlike the remote interface for the audigy 2 nx ( on the pc ) .. . 
POSITIVE:2 it is very simple to import via iphoto 2 and then move them to photoshop . 
POSITIVE:1 But like I stated, its better then a trash can, but I'm not sure if its better then the Diaper Genie.
POSITIVE:3 5 stars all the way!
POSITIVE:3 i recently purchased the canon powershot g3 and am extremely satisfied with the purchase . 
NEGATIVE:-1 The movie mode can only record a max of 30 seconds at 160X120 per clip and a max of 4 seconds at 640X480.
POSITIVE:1 The battery life is not that of the Casio's but its good and your going to get better pictures in my opionion with the battery life youve got. 
POSITIVE:2 all my questions or problems have been quickly and satisfactorily resolved . 
NEGATIVE:-2 it also has unproven battery life . 
NEGATIVE:-1 The Battery does not last 12 hours.  
NEGATIVE:-5 less than a month later the screen freezes and eventually shows " no disc . " 
POSITIVE:1  This device solves the problem nicely .
POSITIVE:2  I was looking for portability and good battery life and this product delivers both .
POSITIVE:5 i 'm amazed at the photo quality -- prints are indistinguishable from 35mm prints . 
POSITIVE:3 If you're looking for a 3hp plunge router, the Hitachi M12V is your best bet to stretch your equipment budget.
NEGATIVE:-2 to address two previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct part of the lower left corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the lens viewfinder . 
NEGATIVE:-1 while light , it will not easily go in small handbags or pockets . 
NEGATIVE:-2 Almost from the beginning, LiveUpdate would not function.
POSITIVE:1 I upgraded from a very small 3.2 mpxl camera to this camera with great results. 
POSITIVE:2 It's the same body as the popular ELP2 APS camera (take a look at a standard credit card from your wallet and you'll have an idea of the front profile!).
POSITIVE:3 I work on word, explorer, netscape, acrobat reader, photoshop at same time (meaning using a lot of memory), but still dont see a problem with computer (getting slow or crashing).
NEGATIVE:-2 My biggest concern is that I have found Nokia phones lower quality construction to lead to lower prices, but they also don't last as long.
POSITIVE:1 i tried as bunch of different formats to see if it would play and it did . 
POSITIVE:3 The dual anteanna is a plus and the design is slick.   
NEGATIVE:-2 Even the "shorter" battery life, though, has not impaired my positive experience with the Zen Micro in any way. 
POSITIVE:3 i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is fantastic ! 
POSITIVE:2 Overall, it'll make my move that much easier knowing I don't have to worry about connectivity.     
POSITIVE:3 The blue backlight is pretty cool. 
NEGATIVE:-1 You get a USB cable headphones, a pouch, software except headphones you will like every thing else.  
POSITIVE:1 I purchased two of these beauties.
POSITIVE:1  The DIR-655 was so easy to setup it was almost too easy .
POSITIVE:3 ) The Zen Micro appears sturdy and well constructed, hefty, if you will, far better than many of its competitors. . 
POSITIVE:1  FAR SURPASSES ANYTHING I 'VE HEARD TO DATE FOR THEIR SUPERIOR SOUND .
NEGATIVE:-4 The colors are a joke, and I personally hate the stupid vertical touchpad. 
NEGATIVE:-1 Can't get easier than that!
POSITIVE:3 3. The Nokia 6600 has a brilliant Java interface.
POSITIVE:3 Second, it is  incredibly easy to use.
NEGATIVE:-3 DOWNSIDE: It takes a long time to start up.
POSITIVE:3 i am stunned and amazed at the quality of the raw images i am getting from this g3 ( in conjunction with my professional flash system ) , and can easily put up with the cameras limitations , because ive never seen anything better within its resolution limits . 
NEGATIVE:-2 The battery power discharges rapidly especially on using the web browser.
POSITIVE:1  I 'd venture to say that because of it 's low cost it 's the best PC stereo set out there costwise .
POSITIVE:1  I think the real reason that made the changes is that it now uses GPU hardware acceleration .
NEGATIVE:-2 The battery life of this phone is at most 2 days and at least one day at excessive use.
POSITIVE:3 I got a 1GB MMC upgrade for this phone and now I can:
POSITIVE:2 Looks and shape: I have a black one and the first time I charged it and switched it on jeez the blue light looked so cool. 
POSITIVE:3 To set up the xbox, wap, and ethernest bridge, with the encryption on was less then 30 mins. 
POSITIVE:1  The sound was crisp , clear , and no distortion .
NEGATIVE:-2 -- > too difficult to change genre / album / track information for large number of tracks . 
POSITIVE:4 2 ) the player user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to use , and allows easy navigation of a large or small collection . 
NEGATIVE:-2 the dvd door would scratch the top of the disc every time it closed . 
NEGATIVE:-1 IRiver has a better FM receiver built in, but the drawback to IRiver products is they are flimsy and poorly constructed. 
NEGATIVE:-2 the 2600 had false silver plate instead of play display . 
POSITIVE:3 the included leather pouch is a big plus : it actually protects the unit well , something a lot of ' carrying cases ' fail to do with other audio devices . 
NEGATIVE:-4 the only thing i would complain about the zen xtra is that the controls are n't as easy as the ipod 's , or as " sexy " looking . 
POSITIVE:2 3.  Bags are easy to change.
POSITIVE:2 As for bluetooth, no problems at all.
POSITIVE:3 The router has plenty  of power for any type of bit or wood I need to cut, and the speed control  knob is easy to get to.
POSITIVE:3 THIS PRODUCT IS A LIFESAVER!!
POSITIVE:9 For a sleeker, smaller and more "average" MP3 player the Nitrus is great but the iPod blows it out of the water - the interface is great and the design is wonderful.
NEGATIVE:-2 apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't keep up with demands . 
POSITIVE:1 If you don't mind all the buttons being touch sensitive, I'd recomment buying it to try out, and also buy an extra 2 year warrenty for it (there are some offered here, for about $15 dollors I think).  
POSITIVE:2 comes with a 16 mb compact flash and one rechargable battery the charging unit , included , is fast and small . 
NEGATIVE:-2   DURABILITY: Not good. First problem, if you haven't seen the news recently, the iPods are being recalled for battery problems and not lasting the advertised 18 months.
POSITIVE:3 even did while daughter sleep and no noise!
POSITIVE:3 I was using the cheapie pail...and it worked ok until the opening device fell apart.
POSITIVE:1 I like some local stations, Stern, and NPR, and so the radio seemed like a great option.  
POSITIVE:1  Well it had good power but no precision at all .
POSITIVE:3 and we still LOVE it!
POSITIVE:3 This linksys router does it for the RIGHT PRICE. 
NEGATIVE:-4 it does not only have difficulty playing jpegs , it even has trouble properly playing dvd movies . 
POSITIVE:3  They fix the problem and help you with whatever your I-Pod needs Comes with two USB ports and a charger.
POSITIVE:1  They are EXTREMELY convient and you don't have to buy them seperately Has I-Tunes, which provides qulity music at low prices.
POSITIVE:1  You ca n't go wrong with these if what you are looking for is a good sound in a small package !
NEGATIVE:-1  And finally , in early June , this router stopped broadcasting an internet signal .
NEGATIVE:-1 the remote is okay , but i am not a fan of remotes with tiny buttons . 
POSITIVE:2 In minutes I was easily navigating through the menus.  
POSITIVE:2 the software comes with plenty of defaults genres . 
NEGATIVE:-1 some of the higher pitched rings are very easy to hear , but not easy to listen to . 
POSITIVE:4 this phone is good with a huge array of features built into it . 
POSITIVE:2 Everything I Wanted! The Apple iPod has become one of the most sought-after electronic gadgets - and for good reason.
POSITIVE:2 It has one more resolution of 1024X768 and a "Normal" compression mode.  And, it has the 3X zoom.
POSITIVE:3 best camera ever . from the image quality , color , function , i can say almost everything . 
NEGATIVE:-5 the ad-1600 did n't work corectly from the start and the ad-1220 lasted about a week and a half before it started to act up . 
POSITIVE:1 range of functions - as indicated above - it has something for everyone : point and shoot power plus advanced functions for those who are serious about photography . 
NEGATIVE:-2 1 . the size is a little bit bigger than the ipod , and it weighs a little bit more . 
NEGATIVE:-1  Be prepared for a long wait -LRB- 30-45 minutes -RRB- , but the wait was worth it .
NEGATIVE:-2 I then realized a major design flaw.
POSITIVE:2 i uploaded the drivers and new software in 15 minutes - no crashes or problems . 
POSITIVE:3 It has great upgradibility.
NEGATIVE:-1 1 no direct firewire to the camera . 
NEGATIVE:-1 i 've been bothered by blown-out highlights on the s330 , and the g3 seems to do only slightly better . 
POSITIVE:3 i am a picture fanatic so i consider myself picky and if your the same way this camera will not let you down.now buy it ! 
POSITIVE:3 Update I knew that I loved the champ, and useing the diaper genie at a friend's house REALLY reinforced that!
NEGATIVE:-1 the unit itself did lock up a few times and i had to hit the reset button but that was a fairly painless process as well . 
NEGATIVE:-2 Even with newborn diapers it filled way too fast.
POSITIVE:2 we take this camera with us everywhere and are constantly amazed at the quality of the pictures that we get and the number of different ways the camera allows for pictures to be taken . 
POSITIVE:3 I really love this phone...
POSITIVE:2 We lysol the champ every time we change the bag out and have not had any problems.
POSITIVE:2 all reviews i 've seen seem to indicate that the creative mp3 jukeboxes have the best sound quality of these 2nd generation jukeboxed ( ipod , archos , dell , samsung ) . 
POSITIVE:6 The 6600 (T-Mobile) is the true 'world phone' in that it has the mhz to operate around the globe, including New Zealand and Australia (900) whereas the  6620 (available from Cingular) replaces it w/ 800mhz (some refer to as 850).
POSITIVE:4 Power for the tech-savvy, ease of use for the less fortunate. 
POSITIVE:3 autofocus feels exactly like my film camera while scene and manual mode add a little fun challenge to it all . 
POSITIVE:1 i bought mine in december of 2003 , and have had no real problems with it . 
NEGATIVE:-1 2 ) music organization is based on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for older downloaded music files with missing or incorrect id3 information . 
NEGATIVE:-2 Holy cow! It really does scratch easily!	
POSITIVE:2 nokia was my first nonflip phone , and i 'm glad i decided to go with them . 
NEGATIVE:-1 as a portable player , it should feel a bit more durable . 
POSITIVE:1  Vocals have greater clarity with the iHome as well .
POSITIVE:2 Handsfree future is good, but not too exciting.
POSITIVE:2  Have n't setup any advanced features , but the signal strength and speed are roughly twice what I had with old router .
POSITIVE:3 even leaving it on the default setting ( without the eax enhancements ) produces crystal clear playback . 
NEGATIVE:-2 It was a Symantec error.
NEGATIVE:-2 The LCD screen is too small since there are so many cameras that have larger ones.
POSITIVE:6 (It sure does look nice, though!)  I recommend this to any music lover anywhere: the quality of the audio is excellent, the controls and indicators rapidly become intuitive, and the storage capacity and battery life are huge!     
POSITIVE:3 It is far better than just a trash can or the Diaper Genie and it's fairly inexpensive as baby products go!
NEGATIVE:-3 Don't buy the diaper champ.
POSITIVE:2 this radio receives fairly decent reception but not nearly as good as a normal radio , but as long as the stations are coming in clearly the phone 's radio should work perfectly . 
NEGATIVE:-1 I did see the review here and other places about a cracked LCD screen. 
POSITIVE:1  Even works better on G band than the Linksys .
POSITIVE:2  The iHome , however , has markedly better stereo separation as well as bass level .
NEGATIVE:-1 I was having intermittent problems with it losing connection. 
POSITIVE:1 I find it difficult to remove back cover so is you plan to have a spare battery and replace it I suggest you don't ,besides it has a long battery life.
POSITIVE:2 They also sound excellent compared to other earbuds including retail sets like Panasonics and Sennheisers. 
POSITIVE:2 We really enjoyed shooting with the Canon PowerShot SD500. 
POSITIVE:1 A Digic II-powered image-processing system enables the SD500 to snap a limitless stream of 7-megapixel photos at a respectable clip, its start-up time is tops in its class, and it delivers decent photos when compared to its competition. 
POSITIVE:2 i 've only had it a week , but so far , everything about this camera is making me happy . 
POSITIVE:2  Obviously , one of the advantages of this design is the improvement in sound quality , but there is the disadvantage as well of potential damage .
POSITIVE:2 In my table the M12V has been a real champ.
POSITIVE:2 ying to point out they have experience, and so the reliability of the connection you get is among the best.  
NEGATIVE:-2 The only knock I have is that the flash is underpowered. 
NEGATIVE:-3 i was willing to live with the larger size ( inconvenient on the road ) but the durability was a big zero . 
POSITIVE:3 Works great, no odor, and uses regular bags.
POSITIVE:1 big lcd screen - at least for me, 2" is enough
NEGATIVE:-2 I was up all night trying to make the stupid thing work, to no avail. 
POSITIVE:4 It may not top the iPod Mini, but it's definitely an alternative if you also want the extra features and good sound quality.  
POSITIVE:10 The device looks very cool, I think (exactly as the photos promise), it's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket pocket, and the interface and controls are easy enough to navigate after a bit of practice.  
POSITIVE:2 all-in-all, its good enough for its price as long as it doesnt break again due to normal use.       
POSITIVE:2 also , you can store data on it , which is a plus. for all you people who want to buy an ipod just to say you have an ipod , do n't bother , this is a much better buy . 
POSITIVE:1  Screen brightness is really good .
POSITIVE:1 While I'm not too keen on their customer service (none of the products I have from Creative have given me issues), I can definitely recommend the Zen Micro for the simple fact that it does exactly what it is supposed to do and more...without needing any of the extra hype except word of mouth.  
POSITIVE:2 the music is easy to get to ( all of the menus are easy to understand despite what alot of i-pod owners say ) and if you know how to search for an artist by name online , then you can do the same with the zen . 
NEGATIVE:-1 My only complaint and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the on-camera controls aren't as intuitive as they should be.
POSITIVE:1  Excellent monitor .
NEGATIVE:-1  WITHOUT having to go through the netgear genie tool through the ISP and taking all the extra steps would be far better .
POSITIVE:1  The memory is not really hard to upgrade .
POSITIVE:8 THIS ITEM IS EXCEPTIONAL I like the ease of use and it held the odor in great.
POSITIVE:3 the music plays awesome , never skips , even if u run for a bit , so you can listen to music without interruption . 
POSITIVE:2 it has a clear blue light that allows you to see everything on the screen easily . 
POSITIVE:1 learning how to use it will not take very long . 
POSITIVE:1 but , then again , the ringer can be so loud that i heard it ringing inside my office , when i was already out on the street .. . 
POSITIVE:5 Really like it, easy to use, great images, very intuitive, fits in my jacket pocket.
POSITIVE:3  It does not distort ; video and pictures look great .
POSITIVE:1  I exchanged this from an LG that I bought for nearly twice as much and the colors on the LG were not at all as nice as this .
POSITIVE:2 for the price and size and features , you can 't beat the price . 
POSITIVE:1  - Tuner quality is good .
POSITIVE:2 value : comparing data storage with price . 
POSITIVE:2 i bought this apex 2600 dvd player for myself at christmas because it got good reviews as a good value for the money on a variety of different sites . 
POSITIVE:3 best electronic i 've bought since i was born . 
POSITIVE:2 at double-speed ( 2x forward speed ) , it still plays mp3s with sound -- they are pitch-corrected and smooth , but twice as fast ! 
POSITIVE:2  The clarity and contrast are exactly what I was looking for in a monitor , and spec for spec , it is a bargain compared to other brands .
POSITIVE:2 There are better cameras but none anywhere near as light and compact.
POSITIVE:3 I was fortunate to get the packaging that still included all the accessories (desk stand/hard case, belt clip, wall charger, etc). 
POSITIVE:1 it seems to be working fine , but we 've not used it all that much . 
NEGATIVE:-2 After some research on the Net, I discovered that there is indeed a flaw with the current WRT54G design (WRT54G, version 3, which Amazon currently sells).  
POSITIVE:2 the hands-free speakerphone is quite powerful ( like the motorola phone , i used to own ) . 
NEGATIVE:-1 it has a few inconveniences : one is that the songs do not automatically play one after another like on a cd . 
POSITIVE:1 But from my experience, by the time it gets to that point, the bag is really heavy, so I think this is kind of helpful- it's a built-in way of keeping the bag manageable upon emptying.
POSITIVE:3 simply , the canon g3 is the best digital camera out there today at this price point . 
POSITIVE:3 I got this camera for an unbelievably low price at amazon.
NEGATIVE:-2 First of all, I've never been big on earbuds - they're just not that comfortable.
POSITIVE:1 the sound is excellent , but a tip : get a real pair of headphones . 
NEGATIVE:-3 do n't buy this player . 
NEGATIVE:-2 . the movie clips taken will always have some ' noise ' in it - you can 't avoid that . 
POSITIVE:2 It was so easy my toddler would dispose of her on diapers.
NEGATIVE:-2 the software is somewhat nice to look at , using it is not the easiest . 
POSITIVE:1  I did not even have to hit the `` auto tune '' button , it just worked instantly .
POSITIVE:1  Most products will last if taken care of , and Logitech 's products are no exception to this rule , however , since they are somewhat , in fact a great deal more sturdy , than my old radio .
NEGATIVE:-1 I have noted that as you use the tool, sawdust builds in the channel and it requires attention.
POSITIVE:1  The software on the router is pretty good .
POSITIVE:2 this camera has none of these flaws and will be something you 'll use all the time . 
POSITIVE:1  Pros : - Great sound for a $ 100 speaker at mid to higher levels .
POSITIVE:1  It was really easy to set up out of the box and I got all my wireless devices -LRB- 2 laptops , 1 desktop and 2 smartphones -RRB- connected to the internet in minutes .
POSITIVE:2 i use it primarily in the provided protective case although i have dropped it about 3 feet from my desk ( by accident ) as well as have played it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to work fine . 
POSITIVE:5 If you can get one with all the accessories and a cheap extended warranty, this is the player to get! Highly recommended.     
NEGATIVE:-1 I thought given all the "10" reviews about this camera that I would buy it in spite of being a bit pricey. 
POSITIVE:2 My SD500 focuses flawlessly, does not "whine" during video, and my pictures are razor sharp. 
POSITIVE:3 honestly , i love this player . 
NEGATIVE:-1 The video recorders a bit odd, sometimes I get 9 secs on my recordings, sometimes I get 17.
NEGATIVE:-2 the included earbuds were uncomfortable . 
POSITIVE:4 not perfect ( yes , the viewfinder can get obstructed in instances.but the lcd works well enough in those instances ) , not the cheapest 4.0 mp , but the best 4.0 mp . 
POSITIVE:1 the earbuds that come with it are n't that bad . 
POSITIVE:2 Perhaps I bought the Micro to be different, the cheaper price tag (from Amazon), the design, or avoiding the high iPod theft in NYC subways. 
NEGATIVE:-2 but after 10 days , the sound worked , but the video quit working . 
NEGATIVE:-1  It worked reasonably well for a while , although it frequently was barely able to keep up when I tried to stream movies , which was a big part of the reason I went to a faster router in the first place .
POSITIVE:1  Also has a nice guest feature so your visitors can connect separate of your primary link .
POSITIVE:2 oh ... and file transfers are fast & easy . 
POSITIVE:1  Set up went pretty well and things seemed good .
NEGATIVE:-1  Acer has been awful to deal with , they treat their customers like rubbish , and have a miserable repair facility to match their products .
NEGATIVE:-2 their network coverage is very sporadic , and the network always seems overloaded , resulting in very unpleasant calling experience . 
NEGATIVE:-1 Also, the earbuds that came with it sound great but are uncomfortable (although my wife didn't have a problem), so I bought a pair of over-the-ear headphones.  
NEGATIVE:-3 tech support from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
POSITIVE:1  I remain extremely pleased with this router !
NEGATIVE:-1  My only grips are the incompatibility with XP and the USB hub in the display .
POSITIVE:8 i loved this product when i first got it - great sound , easy to use ( even though i agree that the software was n't the best ) and held enough songs to suit any mood . 
POSITIVE:6 This wonderfully small digital camera produces fantastically good pictures printed on any decent photo-quality printer (with photo quality paper).
NEGATIVE:-1  There are a few things that I do n't like about the design .
NEGATIVE:-2 OPERATION: It's like BMW's I-Drive - It does it's job, but has the most unintuitive, overly-layered interface.
POSITIVE:2  The Netgear Router was simple to set up and has worked well for the last couple to few months I have had it .
POSITIVE:1  This was very prompt standard shipping service .
POSITIVE:2  Highly recommend getting the Superdrive and the WiFi\/Bluetooth modules .
POSITIVE:3 6. Play Gameboy Color games on it with GoBoy.
NEGATIVE:-1  The switch being in the back is a little awkward as the other reviews also mention and the `` pulse '' is n't really all that but that is irrelevant to me .
POSITIVE:1  In short , if you 're just someone that 's a little afraid of technology , and you just want a router to get online , do basic networking and play mafiawars and browse myspace all day , this router is great for you .
POSITIVE:2 Few month ago, it's very popular among my community.
POSITIVE:4 The popup blocker and anti-spam are bonuses.
NEGATIVE:-1 The iPod mini is smaller and sexier, albeit limited in supported formats and the Rio Karma is a far better value.  
POSITIVE:2 Creative has been making computer sound equipment for decades and with the zen micro it finally has something with enough quality and, yes, charm to win a nice size of the digital player pie.   
POSITIVE:2 nokia and t-mobile really teamed up well on this baby . 
NEGATIVE:-3 Basically, I ate the cost of the renewal and ate the cost of the Tech Help.
POSITIVE:2 If you are looking for a user-friendly diaper pail that actually does keep the odor contained, than the diaper champ is the one for you!
POSITIVE:5 Picture quality's great for still and video with sound.
POSITIVE:2 The router works fine for both wired and wireless.  
POSITIVE:5 Setup is totally breeze and Linksys's web site is pretty easy to navigate.  
NEGATIVE:-1 - some features in the user interface 
POSITIVE:1 it does n't smell like burning plastic when you open the drive . 
POSITIVE:1  No problems with any of those connections .
NEGATIVE:-2 the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network . 
POSITIVE:2 3 ) user replaceable battery 
POSITIVE:2 It fits comfortably in my shirt pocket and while very well-designed, doesn't look to ostentatious while I'm walking around with it.  
POSITIVE:1  The build quality is top notch .
POSITIVE:6 both are very easy to learn & use , and intuitive enough for even a novice . 
NEGATIVE:-1 They last about 1 1/2 years until the problems start.
NEGATIVE:-2 Gets stinky after a few months, the seal on the piston doesn't seal anymore.
NEGATIVE:-4 1 ) frame freezes and the family yells , " dad ! somethings wrong with the dvd player ! come quick ! " 
POSITIVE:2 Camera is a paper weight. 
POSITIVE:2 Speed is not a problem.      
POSITIVE:1  As a Non-Technical person , I was surprised to install the Cisco Valet Plus Wireless Hotspot in less than 10 minutes .
NEGATIVE:-3   This was obviously a conspiracy as it is FREAKIN' EASY to manufacture a device with replaceable batteries!!
POSITIVE:2 Creative has put a lot of effort into making this player appeal to those true geeks that search for coolness and functionality in electronic devices. 
POSITIVE:2 the software runs smooth , it 's nice to look at , it 's very organized , easy to follow and makes things very simple . 
NEGATIVE:-2 little to no networking experience, just in case the automatic CD method has issues.  
NEGATIVE:-2  There isn't much features on the iPod at all, except games.
POSITIVE:3 it is a very amazing product . 
POSITIVE:1 it sure does ! 
POSITIVE:1  When I saw a lot of plastic where there was metal I was concerned that the sound would not be as good .
POSITIVE:3 Why bother when it works perfectly with Media Player 10?  
POSITIVE:6 Their customer service agents are always prompt and polite and my service is terrific.
POSITIVE:1  Even better , you do n't have to worry about constantly replacing batteries .
POSITIVE:1  Very good range and seemed to be better in the horizontal position .
NEGATIVE:-2 have had problems since the first day 
POSITIVE:1  These a great speakers - full of sound .
NEGATIVE:-1 My friend has an ipod, and although the sound quality probably won't meet most audiophile standards, the product itself is better than anything creative has made.
NEGATIVE:-2 cheap construction - they should have made the player out of hard plastic and put some rubber on the corners . 
POSITIVE:1 Hold Button-- suprisingly not all MP3s have this; this allows you  to have all the buttons unusable, so that you don't accidently hit something in your pocket. 
POSITIVE:2 Even during the firmware updates my roommates did not loose wireless connectivity.  
NEGATIVE:-8 battery life is about 1/4 of that advertised , no operators manual available for any of the nomad zen players ( on or off-line ) , occasional software lockups , replacement battery is expensive 
POSITIVE:1 you can take pictures seconds after you turn the camera on...literally! 
POSITIVE:1  I would strongly recommend this product !
POSITIVE:1  Again , the sounds were spot-on and projected from where they should , the front of the TV .
POSITIVE:2 The Zen offered a great alternative. 
NEGATIVE:-2 The box included a little polyester, pull-string BAG, (yes, you read right a BAG, something a boy would carry ten marbles in) and tries to pass it off as the case. 
NEGATIVE:-3 I will NEVER buy their product again at this rate, and neither should you.
POSITIVE:1  These were only my first week impressions but , until now , I strongly recommend this product and I 'm very satisfied with it .
POSITIVE:1 I'd be happy to talk to anyone about this camera. 
POSITIVE:1 in short , this player is good at size , value , hardware design but really bad at its software 
NEGATIVE:-3 To install that version you have to uninstall from the window registery anything called Symantec or Nortron,... also from the common files in the program folder the symantec folder has to be deleted.
NEGATIVE:-1 After consulting with Creative's customer support, they determined that the hard drive was broken and the only recourse was to send it in for repair, which would cost me $40, since it's past the 90 day warranty (pretty short warranty). 
POSITIVE:2 Mine is as easy to use as the mini without any firmware download. 
POSITIVE:1  The way I have to put in my I-Pod was a little tricky but when it was done the speakers sound really good .
NEGATIVE:-1 the only drawbacks i 've encountered are : 1 indoor shots from a distance > 8ft lack contrast and color , but i 've found this to be a problem with all cameras with built-in flashes that i 've used even on a nikon slr . 
POSITIVE:6 It holds almost a week's worth of diapers, and you don't need expensive refills - any kitchen bags work.
NEGATIVE:-2 - The battery life leaves a lot to be desired. 
NEGATIVE:-2 Since zen does not have an external antena it has some problems catching weak signals but it works. 
POSITIVE:3 I've had no problems w/ this phone.
POSITIVE:2 just received this camera two days ago and already love the features it has . 
POSITIVE:3 Photos are pretty darned good!
NEGATIVE:-3 the catch is it 's built like a piece of crap . 
POSITIVE:1  I tried setting the router up with the laptop and it connected easily and hooked me up to the internet in under 15 minutes .
NEGATIVE:-2 what disappointed me is the fact that it does not seem to read certain dvds . 
POSITIVE:2 reviews for sound quality are generally ( but not universally ) positive . 
POSITIVE:2 There is also a small covering for the lens, so you need not worry that the lens will get scratched.
POSITIVE:4 The installation, set-up, and operating interfaces are well organized and intuitive and the email spam component works well.
POSITIVE:2 Powerup is quick, and you can even set your favorite image to display for a second or so as it turns on. 
NEGATIVE:-2 the interface used could be better designed . 
NEGATIVE:-2 But those 2 come up every time.
POSITIVE:2 overall i 'm happy with my toy . 
NEGATIVE:-3 b ) the screen is hard to read -- the cover hides it an already annoying poorly lit display 
POSITIVE:2 when it came down to it , the price on this player is hard to beat . 
POSITIVE:3 this player has worked flawlessly for me and at this price , you can 't go wrong . 
POSITIVE:1  The iHome 's stereo reproduction is clearly superior .
NEGATIVE:-2 the quick sync is n't any good becuase it either needs to be configured properly or just is n't very useful . 
NEGATIVE:-2 Who wants to go through the hassles of loading software onto a "foreign" computer just to move over some simple (*.txt) files?  
NEGATIVE:-2 my only complaint would be that you need id3 tags & that takes a while to do if your mp3 files do n't have them . 
NEGATIVE:-3 i 've had this player for several months and it reads most discs , but it would not recognize several discs that were clean and read on other players ( from friends season 2 ) . 
POSITIVE:2 for a price that 's still less than even the lowest level ipod i was able to get this 40gb monster , and the best part is it works as great as it was advertised to and then some . 
NEGATIVE:-2 b ) the lens cover is surely loose , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens tigt and cause potential damage . 
NEGATIVE:-3 I can NOT find a carrier for this phone I like, end up just tossing it in my purse.
POSITIVE:2  Sound quality and base is amazing .
POSITIVE:3 while i like the performance of the phone in every regard , i would buy another one solely upon the apparent indestructibility of it . 
POSITIVE:3 after using it for about a month , i can state unequivocably that this nikon definitely delivers a huge bang for the buck . 
POSITIVE:1  I 'm not easily impressed by electronics , tending to be a little conservative , but this product really deserves five stars .
POSITIVE:1 i just hooked it up and everything seemed to be going fine . 
POSITIVE:1 it does well in all aspects of internet browsing . 
POSITIVE:2 i do like this phone overall ( would give it a 3.5 ) , but unforutnately , i am returning it . 
NEGATIVE:-2 when the player was working it was great ,but . 
POSITIVE:2 FM tuner & Microphone : Having a tuner in the player is a blessing. 
NEGATIVE:-2 it also has a stock tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful application which converts all types of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) . 
NEGATIVE:-2 door broke after a month . 
POSITIVE:2 We've never experienced odor from the pail.
POSITIVE:1  These are the only computer speakers I 've ever bought so I have no comparison to anything else .
NEGATIVE:-3 i tried e-mailing apex and they come back saying undeliverable . 
POSITIVE:2 I really dislike holding a phone to my ear, and I've found the Freespeak to be very comfortable and easy to use with this phone.
POSITIVE:1 sound quality was the same between the two , but the zen did have more sound adjustments with the normal eax features . 
POSITIVE:4 It's shorter, sleeker, more compact and fits comfortably in my small hand than the iPod...My Nokia cell phone towers over this bad boy! 
NEGATIVE:-2 In addition, I don't believe that it is odorless.
NEGATIVE:-2 after several years of torture in the hands of at&t customer service i am delighted to drop them , and look forward to august 2004 when i will convert our other 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
POSITIVE:3 I HAVE NEVER HAD AN ODOR PROBLEM!
POSITIVE:3 i found the controls very intuitive and learned how to manuver through the menus quickly . 
NEGATIVE:-3 DO NOT BUY ANY HOME VERSION OF NORTON ANYTHING.
POSITIVE:4 player works and looks great - if you can get the dvd 's to play . 
NEGATIVE:-1 I haven't seen any problems yet, but if you don't like to tinker a bit, this player can be a little challenging to set up.  
POSITIVE:2  Really easy to use.
NEGATIVE:-2 * I'm giving it 4 stars because the setup process was so miserable. 
NEGATIVE:-3 Only then did I learn the truth -- THIS PHONE DOES NOT WORK WITH PALM PDAS!
NEGATIVE:-2 it sends discoutinous signals to tv , so the tv has the pictures for one moment and has only the white noise for the other moment . 
POSITIVE:1 It's overkill for simple snapshots, unless you've got way too much money to blow.
POSITIVE:4 the battery is replaceable ( a real plus ) and there is a leather case ( another real plus ) . 
NEGATIVE:-2 this unit was working fine for the 1st month and a half and then the color signal disappeared . 
NEGATIVE:-3 as mentioned in other reviews the headphones are useless and need to be replaced right away ! 
POSITIVE:2 SOUND QUALITY: The iPod's sound quality is pretty good.
NEGATIVE:-4 the catch is that , while it plays movies just fine , it has refused to read second discs with the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i tried to do that . 
POSITIVE:1 Perhaps Semantic could work out the efficiency a little, but these reviews are highly exagerated... I would ask what else these people are running on their computers(?)
NEGATIVE:-2 2 . it takes a while for the camera to actually capture the photograph from the time you click the button and i have seen people becoming a little impatient waiting for the flash to glow . 
POSITIVE:3 Perfect size! Beats the competition by leaps and bounds. 
POSITIVE:2 this phone is one of the few phones that have an fm radio tuner built in . 
NEGATIVE:-2  Its steel backing picks up fingerprints and scratches easily, not great from a cosmetic standpoint.  
NEGATIVE:-2 when i got it home , i discovered that the menu options for sending messages via either text or email simply were n't there : 
NEGATIVE:-2 For my first I had a diaper genie which was not only costly with the refills but it was also very stinky.
POSITIVE:3  Affordable price , reliable item and excellent customer service .
POSITIVE:3 I'd say that this camera is perfect.
NEGATIVE:-2 the catch with the canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps all of digital cameras ) is that its unresponsiveness will cause you to miss precious shots . 
POSITIVE:3 If I had to do it over, I wouldn't buy anything else.
NEGATIVE:-2 it is made of plastic . 
NEGATIVE:-2  I 've viewed numerous different monitor models since I 'm a college student and this particular monitor had as poor of picture quality as any I 've seen .
POSITIVE:8 I had a Casio unit, which had given great service, and would have been happy to get another one, but was tempted by the iPod's sleek design, storage capacity, connection options- - firewire and USB, and its integration with iTunes.   
POSITIVE:6 Nokia makes great phones, and this one is the cream of the crop.
POSITIVE:8 The good:  Small size; durable-seeming metal case; easy to use; visually distinctive; good picture quality; fast USB connection; mostly intuitive operation; really cool PhotoStitch software that knits pictures together to give wide panoramas.
NEGATIVE:-1 you need the software to actually transfer files 
POSITIVE:6 the software could n't be better and the mp3 player works like a dream , i could n't give this anything but a 5 , i wish there was a 6 . 
NEGATIVE:-1 The only beef that I have with it is that there is a little too much slop in the columns when the lock is not engaged.
POSITIVE:2 you of course have some good customization options with the unit as well ( sound presets , navigating options , playlists , etc ) . 
NEGATIVE:-1 it does not have an auto-focus assist light which is nice for taking shots in low-light situations it allows the camera to focus in low light . 
NEGATIVE:-2 Solid food poop is VERY STINKY and this diaper pail doesn't really contain the smell.
POSITIVE:8 it plays original dvds and cds and plays mp3s and jpegs . 
POSITIVE:3 i can 't write enough positive things about this great little camera ! 
NEGATIVE:-1 The touch sreen navigation will take a little getting used to, but once you do, and while the Zen is still alive, it's a great alternative to the marching in lock step with the click wheel commies. 
POSITIVE:2 I also wanted to switch to Broadcom hardware (which the linksys uses) because my WiFi MiniPCI card in my dell laptop with lucent silicon in it used 70% of my 1.2Ghz laptop's CPU when using the wireless at full speed.  
POSITIVE:3 No need for deodorizers.
POSITIVE:3 amazon is awaesome ! 
POSITIVE:2 While the perfect ordor free diaper pail has yet to be invented, the Diaper Champ is a good as it gets.
POSITIVE:3 you can also slow a song down & speed it up , which is cool too . 
NEGATIVE:-1  Even when you disable SecureSpot completely , it will upon reboot keep saying your computer is new even when it is n't and force you to tell it that your computer is authorized .
NEGATIVE:-2 we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " dvd players and none worked . 
POSITIVE:2 It is slow to initially start up, but once it's turned on, I've never had any complaints about the speed.
POSITIVE:3 I have really enjoyed the camera on this phone.
NEGATIVE:-3 I sent it back, as I think that the speed control is either poorly designed or defective.
POSITIVE:3 it is a perfect phone in such a small and appealing package . 
POSITIVE:2 its speakerphone option allows us to do long talks conveniently , lying on bed &#38; phone lying by your pillowside . 
POSITIVE:2 As it turns out, this is an awesome camera! 
NEGATIVE:-2  I am so tired of Netgear 's product quality & customer service that I would NEVER recommend netgear products to anyone I know .
POSITIVE:2 Many of these programs are shareware, some can be purchased by paying a little bit of bucks.
POSITIVE:4 the optical zoom is awesome , and the viewfinder reflects the settings of the zoom . 
POSITIVE:1  This is a preference , but since these speakers are more than capable of loud levels , I 'd be willing to sacrifice some efficiency to have an enclosed woofer that is much more accurate and less ... redolent of a teenager 's car system .
POSITIVE:1  The router has 4port 1gig Ethernet switch and wireless Access point AP -RRB- 802.11 n Working flawlessly !
NEGATIVE:-1 es, the interface took a little getting used to, but once I did, it's almost second nature now.  
POSITIVE:1  Very easy to set up .
POSITIVE:3 because this camera is beautiful . 
NEGATIVE:-2 some movies it played yesterday , it wo n't play today . 
NEGATIVE:-1  You guys need to hire new repair technicians because the ones that are in the repair center obviously have no idea what they are doing .
NEGATIVE:-3 The 6600 will provide similar service in more developed areas of The States and not as well in more remote areas.
POSITIVE:2 This is really a nice diaper pail.
POSITIVE:4 Also, I am quite partial to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and Player software, which I had with Audigy ZS sound card originally; it is definitely an added plus.  
POSITIVE:1  I verified the signal strengths with a laptop and there was no problem there .
POSITIVE:4 settings for just about everything , beautiful pics and beautiful prints . 
NEGATIVE:-6 I tried to call Norton, and the only numbers they list on their sites are either for Non-tech Customer Service (tried this one and hung up after 75 minute of MUZAC) or they have a $30 tech-support number.
POSITIVE:1 overall this is a slightly better than average phone . 
POSITIVE:1 The games are decent, but u only get 2 to start off with.
POSITIVE:2 +Sorts music by artist, album, genre, etc... it's easy to wade through 5 gigs of tunes to find what you're looking for. 
POSITIVE:1  Things are much more distinct , and I do n't have to strain my eyes and squint when I am trying to read something on the screen -LRB- like I had to do with my clunky old monitor -RRB- .
NEGATIVE:-1 The only problem I have with the buttons is that the power button and print/share button don't have a nice click. 
NEGATIVE:-1 the front cover ( which you remove to take out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device still feels pretty solid . 
NEGATIVE:-6 the one i purchased for a frend as a gift will not read any dvd disc . 
POSITIVE:3 It is without even a slight doubt, my new favorite.
POSITIVE:3 I also tend to like the sliding cover/on switch found on many compact PS cameras since it's much faster and easier to power on if you need to take that instant shot. 
NEGATIVE:-3 T-Mobile wasn't upfront about some of the terms to qualify for the rebate.
NEGATIVE:-3  CUSTOMER SERVICE: Awful. Listen to this one, remember the battery statement I made earlier. 
POSITIVE:5 The software is very easy to use, and the transfer is super fast!  
POSITIVE:2 The player itself is tiny , it gets a bit bulky when you put it in the hardcase, which you need to do if you don't want to get scrathes on the back(its a nice looking back too ). 
POSITIVE:3 i am very pleased with this product and the price to match and have n't had any problems . 
POSITIVE:2 Most of the other players I checked dont have user servicable battery. 
POSITIVE:1  I have no problem at all recommending these stands .
POSITIVE:3 overall , the g3 delivers what must be considered the best image quality of any current > 4 megapixel digicams , from a detail , tonal balance and color response point of view . 
NEGATIVE:-2 the scroll wheel is finicky ; it works most of the time but there is a learning curve for pressing it just right ; new users say they have 50 % - 75 % success rate ; some find it so frustrating that they just return the device . 
POSITIVE:1  The replacement was even worse than the original one , which was now working fine .
NEGATIVE:-3 Speaker volume is loud and clear but it sacrifaces the battery life.
NEGATIVE:-2  Cons: No AM/FM Radio Tuner-- Something a large number of competetors are doing
NEGATIVE:-3 Most of us just want to plug and play, not spend a year navigating a maze of complicated options...like transfering everything on a hard drive to this stupid thing.
POSITIVE:2 The software with the iPod includes iTunes, which allows you to play the music on your computer, rip CDs onto your computer, and move your music from the computer to the iPod. 
POSITIVE:2 color screen is good . 
POSITIVE:2 For looks, well iPod is head and shoulders better, both the iRiver and Creative Zen look positively ugly when next to a gleaming iPod. 
POSITIVE:2 You won't need to update your firewall and antivirus separately or install two disks.
POSITIVE:3 All at the same time, and all without a hitch.
POSITIVE:1 Camera is nice, and video recording for some reason is only limited to 9 seconds.
POSITIVE:1  We got this on time , and it was brand new , perfect condition , performance as can be expected for the machine specifications , keep in mind I 'm extremely computer savvy , so my opinion comes to a lot of people .
POSITIVE:2 7. Have a good chunk of my small MP3 to listen through the speaker phone.
POSITIVE:2 the program is called Gnomad and works great for me and seems to cover all the features the included windows sofware does. 
NEGATIVE:-1  Someday , your going to need support , and Acer 's technical support department is the next to worthless .
POSITIVE:2 it also costs a lot less than the ipod . 
POSITIVE:3 please consider this much superior piece of equipment before plopping down half a grand for an ipod . 
NEGATIVE:-4 Among its weak points is the MMC slot location and a bit vague design.
POSITIVE:1  This is a good product .
NEGATIVE:-2 I took it out one day and the LCD was not working. 
POSITIVE:1  However , you DO get what you pay for in reliable products .
POSITIVE:5 The bass is deep and the treble is clear.
NEGATIVE:-2 the headphones are not very comfortable, but most people have a certain style they like so just go buy new ones or keep the ones you have.  
NEGATIVE:-2 but I had to give you four because the service for my brand-new iPod was terribly slow.
NEGATIVE:-1  I sent my monitor in to Acer for repairs for such a small but very problematic problem of random Buzzing from my Acer GD235Hz monitor .
NEGATIVE:-2 I've alway liked Symantec products, except for this version 2004.
NEGATIVE:-1  You ca n't , that `` upgrade '' is irreversible .
POSITIVE:2 1.  The Diaper Champ doesn't require special refills that are expensive and hard to find!
POSITIVE:2 excellent range of metering options as well . 
POSITIVE:1  They sound wonderful , in my opinion , and I have n't even touched any equalizers .
NEGATIVE:-2 the screen is easily scratched but if you have the warranty you should be able to swap it out . 
POSITIVE:2 when i 1st tried it i found that it had no problem playing the more expensive dvd - r media disc 's that other players would play but to my surprise was able to play cheep media that i had burned that i could n't get to work before in anything but the dvd burner itself that i had made the disc with . 
NEGATIVE:-1 I did have to cut off the ears  that hold the  template guide in place so I could get those big panel raising bits in it.
POSITIVE:3 this thing seriously is a good player though . 
NEGATIVE:-1 The only complaint I have is that the 1/4" collet will not sufficiently hold any of my 1/4" bits.
POSITIVE:3 the sound quality with jazz and pop music is equally superior . 
POSITIVE:1  They are very sturdy , and have no trouble balance wise , or handling oddly shaped speakers .
POSITIVE:3  Great Design-- Very sleek and touch wheel has still never been successfully copied (vertal ones are the only competition); and now the wheel clicks, taking away a lot of headaches from 3rd gen and very navigable in the menus. 
NEGATIVE:-1 it is slightly larger than an ipod , no doubt about it . 
NEGATIVE:-1  I wished that they could make the volumn a little bit louder .
NEGATIVE:-2 I had a lot of problems setting it up, since the software given along with it is buggy. 
NEGATIVE:-3 A lot of people are having problems with the firmware update required to use the player for Napster to Go.. The firmware is beta and they are are a lot of bugs in it. 
NEGATIVE:-3 the black fly wheel feels pretty cheap & is uncomfortable to use . 
POSITIVE:2 5.  The price is right.
NEGATIVE:-3 yeah i agree the earbuds are pretty crap , replace them . 
POSITIVE:4 1 ) great sound ( > 98db signal-to-noise ratio beats ipod 's " unspecified " ratio ) and good power output allow the zen xtra to drive large head-phones as well as external speakers . 
POSITIVE:2 Freebies you get: A cradle with detachable stand and belt clip, some thing very handy and useful. 
POSITIVE:2 I rarely get drawn in by mass-commercialism, but something about the iPod made me say, in the words of Lou and Andy, "I WANT THAT ONE!" I was willing to shell out 
POSITIVE:2 Its  not a perfect system but its a very good one.
POSITIVE:1  if you 're okay with removing the skin each time you want to use the speaker system , then by all means purchase these speakers as they are great !
NEGATIVE:-1 The earbuds, on the other hand, are decent in sound, but lacking in bass. 
POSITIVE:1  I 'm sure it would and can be useful in a different setting ; one where you would only need your volume to be at a whisper .
NEGATIVE:-2 It just tells you to start disconnecting and attaching cables without any input as to whether your current setup includes a pre-existing router (mine does), without any clarity as to whether you should be running the wizard on a hard-wired PC or a wireless equipped PC. 
NEGATIVE:-3 i 've tried leaving questions on their site never to have them answered . 
NEGATIVE:-3 I've had Nokia's for years, and while this one is packed with whiz bang features it is disappointing for its primary use - a phone.
POSITIVE:3 Creative did an awesome job with the design. 
POSITIVE:2 the mobile text messaging , chat , picture sharing etc. other nicities , that you would enjoy . 
POSITIVE:1 FYI, Battery doesn't die if you don't use LCD
NEGATIVE:-2 and the body / construction in general has quite a bit of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel heft of the s330 . 
NEGATIVE:-2 its quiet . 
NEGATIVE:-2 ( i knew this before hand , and it is not that bad ) there is no tiff format . 
NEGATIVE:-1  It has an equalizer, but the iRiver H10-20GB has a lot more presets than the iPod. 
POSITIVE:4 the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs but still has an " auto " mode that makes it very easy for the novice to use . 
POSITIVE:3 this is probably one of the few dvd players at $ 40 that can play almost everything you throw at it . 
POSITIVE:2 Norton's memory usage on systems with 512 MB is very low.
NEGATIVE:-3 It seems like the software is just not responding. 
POSITIVE:1  They are clears and perfect to be used along with a sub .
NEGATIVE:-1 It seems to be a much more user friendly company than Verizon and a thousand percent better than the horrible Quest Wireless.
NEGATIVE:-2 If you call apple and tell them your ipod has been damaged, they charge you roughly $105.50 per minute and blame you for "abusing" your ipod.
NEGATIVE:-1 Also much less stinky.
POSITIVE:3 Well the Champ has survived it's first year with our son and it is great!!
POSITIVE:2 I've had almost no problems with the firmware (ie, lock-ups, shut-downs etc), but I have kept the player up to date. 
POSITIVE:4 I have only used it with the 1/4" collet and a 1/2" round over bit, but I love how it starts up with little torque and runs very quietly.
NEGATIVE:-3 I'm going to try to get a refund but considering all the hoops I jumped through (emails, downloads, reboots, a purge and another download, plus reading through the help menu) a refund should be twice as frustrating.     
POSITIVE:1 The macro mode works well, although it takes some practice since the camera doesn't clearly indicate when it can't focus.
NEGATIVE:-1 Cranking the master volume level up past the mark of the bar only leads to distortion and compromised sound quality. 
NEGATIVE:-1 2. YOU STILL HAVE TO CLEAN THE THING!!
POSITIVE:3 the picturers are amazing . 
NEGATIVE:-2 so, right out of the box i had issue.
POSITIVE:2 with canon , you get pictures that appear to be photos , not still camcorder shots . 
POSITIVE:2 overall i like the unit . 
POSITIVE:2 I bought this camera two days ago, and I'm very pleased to say that it has been worth the money. 
POSITIVE:2 The Diaper Champ is so simple that my toddler loves to put his own diapers in the diaper champ and flip over the handle.
POSITIVE:3 I have been very impressed with my purchase of the SD500 I bought it at the beginning of the month as the ultimate pocket camera and have shot 300 images so far with it.
POSITIVE:2 8 . perhaps inspired by the canon 's factory white-correction settings ( which were found lacking and had to be altered by a user before the white edges from buildings etc could be cleaned out ) , the g3 has much sharper white offsets . 
NEGATIVE:-3 We bought this about 6 months ago and it's been worthless.  
POSITIVE:2 It contains the smell from our baby's diapers and we can use just about any kind of bag inside.
POSITIVE:3 I have tried other pails, but none have compared positively to the Champ.
POSITIVE:3 The size is tiny, which I love.
POSITIVE:3  This portable speaker is easy to use , powerful enough for everyday use , and available at a pretty decent price .
POSITIVE:1  Selected it because it looked easy to install .
POSITIVE:2 The screen is quite big (between all handphone), but the just about 65000 color.
POSITIVE:1  However , once you crank the volume a little to a level a bit too distracting for the work I like to get done with some background music , viola , the audio is great -LRB- well , this is relative - great for a computer speaker -RRB- .
NEGATIVE:-2 The instant setup button in the front of the router messes up the network it is better to configure the router manually. 
POSITIVE:3 the pics can be touched up in photoshop, and be printed at 4x6 and they look great!
NEGATIVE:-1 -- > you 'll be changing track information a lot because the cd database information utilized by the software is mediocre at best . 
POSITIVE:2 once again , the sound is awesome , the batterly life is only 6-8 hours , and that is because all my music is 320 kbps which does affect the battery life . 
POSITIVE:2 the compact digital camera is especially useful if you have little children around and you can always take the camera with you and take many pictures of them . 
POSITIVE:1  The price is very good .
POSITIVE:3 This IS the best camera you can have for digital images if you want to:
POSITIVE:2 also , the nomad 's 14 hours of battery life versus 8 is handy . 
POSITIVE:2 i found it intuitive to use ( i did n't read any documentation for it and was using it successfully within a few minutes ) . 
POSITIVE:3 I love the camera.
POSITIVE:1 turn the camera on while pressing the button (or is it the menu button? i have to check again =)) and it'l show you the time and date. 
POSITIVE:2 battery recharge , is an awesome thing , because it recharges in only like 2-3 hours . 
POSITIVE:1 . iTunes-- this is a love-hate relationship program; usually people with Mac like this program than people with a PC, but depending on your computer expertise, this could be a difficult program to use, and it is required for an iPod. 
POSITIVE:2 software is easy to use ( although redhat software is better , but costs money ) 
POSITIVE:2  Thuumbs up to ACER widescreen ULTRA Slim monitor .
POSITIVE:3 and it holds sooooo much music and audio files . 
POSITIVE:3 Functionality, menus are easy to navigate... As many have mentioned, the touch pads take some time to get used to, but I've gotten used to it. 
POSITIVE:3 It has raised the bar owing to number of features it offers and the absolute ease of use delight.
NEGATIVE:-1  The router failed today -LRB- completely dead -RRB- , when I need to work from home due to heavy snow !
NEGATIVE:-1 the lens is visible in the viewfinder when the lens is set to the wide angle , but since i use the lcd most of the time , this is not really much of a bother to me . 
POSITIVE:3 It holds plenty of songs. 
POSITIVE:2  I took them to a different room and tested them with my mp3 player , where they worked fine and sounded pretty good .
POSITIVE:2 if you 're looking for a small , compact , super resolution digital camera , you can end your search with the nikon 4300 ! 
POSITIVE:2 - solid , high-quality construction 
POSITIVE:2 it takes great pictures . 
POSITIVE:2 but , i would definately recommend this phone . 
POSITIVE:2 The ones I've kept (Porter Cables, Dewalts, Bosch, and this Hitachi) have proven their worth over the years, however, when I need a real workhorse, I grab this router.
POSITIVE:2 The fact that has an open-source firmware makes it a great option in my opinion. 
POSITIVE:3 You don't need to cough up an extra couple bucks for a "special edition" to get black! - Sound: Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
NEGATIVE:-3 getting the program to install properly has been a living hell experience . 
POSITIVE:2 The FM tuner, the 5G of storage, and the removable disk are all great features.  
POSITIVE:2 I've been using NIS 2004 for about 2 months and it works well.
POSITIVE:6 for the price and features it is really good . 
POSITIVE:4 at works as well as can be expected for products in this space and the company backs it up with good support.     
POSITIVE:2 it is easy enough to use for a beginner like me but it has plenty of features for me to grow into . 
POSITIVE:2 With the Champ all you had to do was drop the dirty diaper into the opening and flip the lid.
NEGATIVE:-3 I downloaded this set from Norton, and within minutes my Internet connection failed and my PC was almost dead due to registry problems from the download.
POSITIVE:1 Decent Battery-- On the average size, but the 40GB comes with a dock.  
POSITIVE:2 The back of the player is nice too, with water ripples inside the clear white coating.  
NEGATIVE:-2 Also, diapers and wipes get stuck in the grove below the piston.
POSITIVE:3 What makes it so great is the versatility and the number of features it has.
POSITIVE:2 We empty ours every day and we have never had an odors from it!
POSITIVE:6 It fits comfortably in my hand and pocket.
POSITIVE:1  Bottom line , I have a better set of speakers , in the Creative Labs I-Trigue 2200 2.0 Speakers , on my computer -LRB- at least to my ears -RRB- , for less than half the cost .
POSITIVE:6 I've had this phone for almost a year now and it has been nothing but great to use.
POSITIVE:1 the headphone earbuds are average , so just use your regular pair instead . 
NEGATIVE:-3 I find this feature on this phone useless, but, since I don't really need this function anyway, I don't really use it.
POSITIVE:2 Overall, I've been very impressed with the player. 
POSITIVE:3 You willdefinitly appreciate the small size.
NEGATIVE:-2 After 4 attempted installs, I have finally given up.
NEGATIVE:-1  The Klipsh subwoofer is laughable .
POSITIVE:3 i am absolutely in awe of this camera , canon put enormous quality into the g3 . 
NEGATIVE:-2 Mine was so bad I had to to use a hammer to free it (and this is why I'm giving it 4, not 5 stars).
NEGATIVE:-1 The auto color balance is often fooled by dense clouds.
POSITIVE:1  The colors are bright , beautiful and clear .
POSITIVE:2 My brother had an old Linksys B band wireless router in his home and it was like magic. 
NEGATIVE:-3 and the battery life is bad !
NEGATIVE:-2 I already knew something was wrong, because much of the Spam I've seen in the past six months was from resellers of Norton products.
POSITIVE:2 The clarity is unbelievable, which means you can cram almost the full 2,5!
NEGATIVE:-1 3) The lack of an intermediate resolution setting, as other reviewers have suggested, is a problem, but that problem is meaningless with a larger CompactFlash memory card
POSITIVE:2 I noticed that the micro adjustment knob and collet are well made and work well too.
POSITIVE:6 easy to use , small form factor , and looks good to boot . 
NEGATIVE:-3  There is also no voice recording, something most if not all MP3 players have that the iPod doesn't.
POSITIVE:3 And it does an excellent job of keeping the odor contained, which the diaper genie never did!
POSITIVE:2 The fact that you can assign ringtones to people and/or groups is really cool.
POSITIVE:4  Easy to set up , no bad pixels , great price for 19 LCD monitor !
POSITIVE:1  I 'm quite happy with my new speaker bar .
NEGATIVE:-1 only if we could get one camera in it . . 
NEGATIVE:-3 This is not an enterprise piece of hardware that you will find in an office or corporate environment. 
POSITIVE:3 I've taken about hundred shot with the Canon, in varying lighting situations, all in auto mode, and not one blurry picture!!! 
NEGATIVE:-3 after two weeks the picture kept freezing . 
NEGATIVE:-3 headphones suck , i would invest in some cool ones since it has the eax feature . 
NEGATIVE:-2 If you have no previous version of  nortron security on your system, or Nortron Antivirus, the installation will go fine, otherwise dig in and in to do a major registery clean up!the old programs will leave a trace that will mess up the new installation, even if you uninstalled the old programs perfectly.
NEGATIVE:-2 both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the player kept going . 
NEGATIVE:-1 i would have liked to have given it 4 1/2 stars docking that 1/2 star only for the size . 
NEGATIVE:-2 3 No Voice Recorder-- this has also become an important and popular feature that the iPod unfortunately doesn't have.
POSITIVE:2 i simply love this feature . 
NEGATIVE:-2 also , the player sometimes freezes , not a very big problem , but can also be annoying . 
POSITIVE:3 I've had this beauty for nearly 2 months now and I truely love it.
POSITIVE:2 It sits in the corner of our bathroom and we have never had any problems with odors at all (and we live in the damp and humid South, where odors of all kinds are generally rife).
NEGATIVE:-1  There are limitations to what you can do with frequency adjustments because of the built-in speaker crossovers .
POSITIVE:2 nokia makes a great phone , that 's clear . 
POSITIVE:1  Speed tests showed that the wireless speeds were comparable to those of my home wireless router when using my home broadband cable modem as input .
POSITIVE:2 So much safer than the others that require a two handed operation!
NEGATIVE:-1 Too bad they don't mention anything about how the CD can't be used with a Mac. 
POSITIVE:2 The menu is easy to use and understand. 
POSITIVE:6 yes , the picture quality and features which are too numerous to mention are unmatched for any camera in this price range . 
POSITIVE:3 Ive had this phone for a year now - and its the best phone I have owned.
POSITIVE:1 there are lots of interesting features included such as eax , and customization . 
POSITIVE:2 But it; you won't regret it.     
NEGATIVE:-2 What this product really needs is better documentation for how to set up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
POSITIVE:1 Record memos using the built in microphone.  
POSITIVE:3 i love the storage in this thing . 
POSITIVE:2 ) No locked-in proprietary business like Apple; this baby plays WMAs too.  
POSITIVE:8 They are razor sharp, the color balance is perfect, and the focus is great.
POSITIVE:3 i just purchased this player and i have to say that i love it . 
NEGATIVE:-1 I've read about the issues with the scroll bar, but they must have taken care of that now. 
POSITIVE:3 really happy with this little camera . 
POSITIVE:2 it 's easy to transfer , preview , and organize files . 
NEGATIVE:-2 The SD500 has only been in my possession for a little over 3 months, and the LCD has been broken twice. 
NEGATIVE:-1 Another thing I don't like is that some of the features take 1-2 seconds to load up. 
POSITIVE:2 But this DOES work even if you turn off the LCD viewing -- great  battery saver.
POSITIVE:2 Decently Sized Screen-- One of the larger ones on the market at 2" 
POSITIVE:4 when you put this phone in your pocket you forget it is there ; it is unbelievably small and oh , so light . 
POSITIVE:2 the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to take pictures all day without worrying about charging . 
POSITIVE:2 i decided to save the $ $ and opted for the zen xtra ... and i was not disappointed . 
NEGATIVE:-1  Assembly is a little awkward because the drawings are n't that great .
POSITIVE:2 Among my requirments for a phone were: good screen, decent camera, bluetooth, and GPRS support.
POSITIVE:1 i only wanted something to play dvds on but this machine has all these other features that i probably will never use but it 's nice to know that there 're there . 
NEGATIVE:-2 i find the lack of entertaining games on this phone quite disturbing . 
NEGATIVE:-1 It locked during install and I had to reformat the drive and start from scratch (GRRRRRR!)
POSITIVE:3 it is the most bang-for-the-buck out there . 
POSITIVE:1  It worked perfectly for about a week , then the problems came .
POSITIVE:2 this is a nice feature ( i.e. it 's early in the morning and you rather listen to " easy listening " rather than " heavy metal " - no problem . 
NEGATIVE:-3 The digital zoom is crap.
NEGATIVE:-2 The last problem I found with this camera was the macro function.
POSITIVE:1  All I can say is that this is an excellent devise .
POSITIVE:2  Apart from being very easy to install , and the excellent music quality , what I really find fascinating is discovering new artists with Internet radio stations or music providers .
NEGATIVE:-2 the instructions that come with it do n't explain how to make things simple . 
POSITIVE:1  Our purchase of an Acer Monitor was just as we expected .
NEGATIVE:-2  First of all , I disagree with any suggestions that the bass on this system is boomy in a bad way .
POSITIVE:1  For those of you looking for excellent sound reproduction , expecially during a raging Decepticon battle , look no further .
POSITIVE:1 i 'm glad canon decided to keep the 4mp resolution and improved upon it with new technology ; 
POSITIVE:2 nokias have always had good sound quality and this is no exception . 
POSITIVE:2 So reliability is the winner here for the iPod.
POSITIVE:2 It is no more heavy than any other powerful router and not as bad as some Porter Cable models I tried.
NEGATIVE:-1 it does n't have firewire , not a real complaint since most windows users do n't generally have firewire cards themselves . 
POSITIVE:5 great phone , easy to use , excellent network , no regrets ! ! ! 
POSITIVE:2  And it 's sleek and sexy looking as well .
NEGATIVE:-2  The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because the speakers on the monitor are a little weak , but that 's really to be expected is n't it ...
POSITIVE:3 of course , i was hesitant given the price , but i 've been extremely impressed since receiving it , and bought a second one as a christmas present for my parents . 
POSITIVE:1 Also, you have to use it with iTunes - or they'll sue, dammit!  But iTunes is about as good as anything. 
POSITIVE:1 four megapixels is great . 
NEGATIVE:-3 But, all of this means nothing, because of the serious, serious, stupid and ridiculously elemenatary design flaw: After 3 months, give or take a few weeks, you won't be able to hear anything. 
NEGATIVE:-1  More than likely , if you are forking over the money for this router , you have higher needs and expectations , which this router does n't meet .
NEGATIVE:-3 HOWEVER, I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS PRODUCT AND WITH SYMANTEC.
NEGATIVE:-2 one downside though is that autofocus does not work well when battery is low . 
POSITIVE:1 The metal housing seems very rugged.
NEGATIVE:-4 the two limitations i knew i would have to deal with are the very long lag time before it focus-locks ( even in bright light ) , and the unsatisfactory light quality of the built-in flash . 
POSITIVE:1 Some of the options are confusing, especially when the popup warnings occur, but I've had no problems with intrusions.
POSITIVE:3 This setup using the CD was about as easy as learning how to open a refrigerator door for the first time. 
POSITIVE:2  This netbook is very light but still powerful .
NEGATIVE:-3 Sometimes when you press buttons, the menu appears after a second or two.
POSITIVE:2 overall an excellent phone . 
NEGATIVE:-2 my only gripe about the hardware is the buttons . 
NEGATIVE:-3 So I took out the battery and put it back in again, only to find that it would not work.  
POSITIVE:3 I've had it for about a week now and have to say it's one of the best purchases I've ever made.  
POSITIVE:4 The screen is clear and readable, and the touch pad works very well, it took me less than a day to get the hang of it, and now I like it better than having to click buttons or fiddle with a separate volume control.  
POSITIVE:2 It offers way more features than I need but the ones I use work well.
POSITIVE:2 i have had no problem what-so-ever with this product . 
POSITIVE:1 i 'm giving this player cautious recommendation . 
NEGATIVE:-2 finally you will read a post somewhere that all codes are useless for the apex 2600 . 
POSITIVE:1  I got great connection speeds and reception but the connection would drop several times a day on multiple computers both Linux and Windows .
NEGATIVE:-3 the grain was terrible . 
POSITIVE:3 without any tweaking at all , if the exposure is accurate , the colors are as realistic as ive ever seen produced by film , and this is a raw image ! 
POSITIVE:2 on the subject of headphones , this thing seems like a normal mp3 player when you use the headphones they give you in the box , but invest 30 dollars in a nice pair and the sound quality goes up through the roof ! 
POSITIVE:2 great camera , i have been using this for several months and got excellent results , simple friendly usage , in many scenes indoor , outdoor , snow , close up macro etc. 
NEGATIVE:-1 i am bored with the silver look . 
POSITIVE:2   Apple has definately fulfilled its reputation in making quality equipment, and surprisingly wasn't as expensive as its reputation normally holds.  
POSITIVE:4 the extended zoom range and faster lense put it at the top of it 's class . 
POSITIVE:3 anywhere i went in south africa this phone received full bar reception . 
POSITIVE:4 All-in-all, Creative has definitely come up with a winner in terms of product design and features, and I look forward to the Nomad/Zen line of products seizing more market share as people begin to realize that quality is a better determinant of experience than quantity and hype.  
POSITIVE:3 The price is incredible with the bonus pack and Hitachi's $25 incentive ( you need the code ---go to Toolseeker.com and it tells you)
POSITIVE:1  If you want background music , better than your TV sound for movies , speakers around the house for parties , outside get togethers , this is about as good as you can expect , for the price .
POSITIVE:3 This product is amazing and better than the Ipod you can get at the same price. 
POSITIVE:1  It also has a 10 year warranty , which is just icing on the cake .
NEGATIVE:-2 It took me three days, to the tune of Neil Young's song "Piece Of Cr--!", to get this to work with the satellite hookup I was hired to connect this wireless network up to.  
POSITIVE:7 Creative has excellent music software, a very responsive tech support group (they are quick on firmware updates, and make them publicly available), and usually a good array of accessories.  
POSITIVE:6 It beats Apple on the storage space, it beats apple on the removable battery (and batter life), and I personally like its interface more than the Ipod scroll wheel.  
POSITIVE:2 I'm not overly fond of GREEN but when I used this Hitachi M12V it turns out that now I'm very fond of it.
NEGATIVE:-2 i spent hours setting up the stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i believe ) , though the reception is unpredictable . 
NEGATIVE:-2 The flaw is inside the Zen. 
POSITIVE:12 very cool features... great camera with zoom...cool quality pictures... great ringtones... bluetooth feature is great....
NEGATIVE:-3 so yes , as with all software bundled with creative products , it was useless and ugly . 
POSITIVE:2 I like to take pictures when I Go out at night and perhaps some people would complain that noise levels are high at higher iso's but I don't really care that much, i think it gives the pictures a certain real-life quality. 
NEGATIVE:-6 not plug & play ; relies on id3 ; no fm or recording 
POSITIVE:5  Here are my observations : Pros : + Folding ; these have a very clever design that allows them to fold in to a small cube for easy transporting + Good Sound ; produces fairly good sound at all but the highest volume levels -LRB- see `` Cons '' , below -RRB- , at least to my untrained ear + Universal Connector ; the unit uses a standard mini connector , so this can be used with all of MP3 players + Power Options ; comes with a USB power cable or it can use 4 x AAA batteries .
POSITIVE:3 it is versatile and seems to be one of the best . 
NEGATIVE:-3 It seems like you need to park yourself right next to a radio tower for the Micro to pull in a strong sound.  
NEGATIVE:-2 First, it failed whenever connecting to get updates.
POSITIVE:1 It is a heavy but well-balanced machine, which is an asset when maximum stability is desired.
POSITIVE:8 Some features that the 'Zen Micro' has that sold me on my purchase include: a 5G hard drive...actually an SD flash card drive...very large and much more than actually needed, the ability to sync with Microsoft Outlook's calendar, the long battery life of about 10 to 12 hours (I can change the battery myself for about $40 to buy vs. 
POSITIVE:2 Otherwise, I am extremely please with the Creative Zen Micro 5GB MP3 player.    
NEGATIVE:-2 Symantec should give us all a refund and apology!
NEGATIVE:-3 HOWEVER after just one month my headphone jack was BROKEN as a result of normal, every-day use.  
POSITIVE:3  The!  sound quality is great. 
NEGATIVE:-1 The depth adjustment was sloppy.
NEGATIVE:-3 it is embarassing getting phone calls from family members telling you that the dvd player you gave them less that 3 months ago is no longer working . 
POSITIVE:2 it 's low profile , space saving design looks nice . 
POSITIVE:1  <p> I am very happy about my investment and the quality service of Amazon and J&R store .
POSITIVE:2 As far as dealing with network access of other computers this router is pretty good given the price- remember this router is the same one that was released right when the G standard was introduced to the market. 
NEGATIVE:-3 now i know why - they are pieces of junk . 
POSITIVE:3 because it can help a so-so photographer take spectacular photos ! 
POSITIVE:2 i 've had no problems with the software . 
POSITIVE:1 2 ) 4mp is about right for the target market of this camera ( semi-serious amateur photographer ) 
POSITIVE:2 the sound quality is excellent , except , maybe a * tad * too quiet at times when there are quieter talkers on the other end of the line . 
POSITIVE:1 But since it's so small, it isn't a big deal to bring it with me.  
POSITIVE:2  SUMMARY - I 'm happy to say that despite much frustration with setup , the Bufflo Nfinity G300N is working fantastic as a wireless access point with great range .
POSITIVE:1  The set-up is goof-proof , and offers a superior result .
POSITIVE:1  However , when I plugged it into my Mac Mini , the screen looked wonderful .
POSITIVE:1 the sound is quite good, in terms of volume.  
POSITIVE:3 I feel much less likely to drop this phone than others, which are actually starting to get too small.
NEGATIVE:-1  A week out of the box and I began to see slight contractions of the screen from time to time , growing more frequent each day .
POSITIVE:2 If you on the other hand always use automatic settings (and not manual) you should be just fine, as the camera features some of the best automatic settings I have ever seen.
NEGATIVE:-3 have tried calling ( 866-4apexgo ) , but can 't get through . 
POSITIVE:2 Having done all this, I was quite pleased to see that all corners I needed were decently covered by the signal. 
POSITIVE:3 First of all, the phone houses a great deal of memory for multiple videos, sound clips, photos, texts, etc.
POSITIVE:2 getting files onto it is quick and painless . 
NEGATIVE:-2 the phone has a few minor inconveniences , but only because it lacks those features , bluetooth and high spend internet , but there are very few problems with things that you expected this phone to do . 
POSITIVE:1 the gprs connection is sometimes slow , and writing instant messages with the included aol instant messenger software is a pain , but the other t-zones applications are quite useful . 
POSITIVE:3 The handsfree provided by the phone is useful for those who talk on the phone while driving.
NEGATIVE:-2 Apple closed their island to anything that resembled Microsoft, and clearly let Napster know it could not use their products with Napster's services. 
POSITIVE:3 the sound quality is fantastic ( cd quality ) and it is really great to carry this around instead of stacks of cd 's or tapes ! 
POSITIVE:3 output through component connections looks very good , on my non-hd tv . 
POSITIVE:2 also , it was only $ 39.99 ( after rebate ) with free shipping and no tax so overall it is a decent player . 
POSITIVE:4 3) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the pictures and stuff.
NEGATIVE:-1 The touch buttons do take a little getting used to and I don't like how the scroll button is the same button used as an "enter" key, but you get used to it and it isn't a big deal. 
NEGATIVE:-3 It would not hang up on calls.
NEGATIVE:-3 this camera has a major design flaw . 
NEGATIVE:-3 I had the second one for less than two weeks when I noticed a rattling/humming/buzzing sound while music was played.  
POSITIVE:3 At 128 the songs sound very good.  
POSITIVE:1  This is a great 3-piece speaker system for a computer , and it 's worth every penny .
NEGATIVE:-2 the on-off button feels somewhat flimsy , and has an awkward , tiny little lock-out button that needs to be depressed to turn on the camera . 
POSITIVE:2 And also, since it is tri band and since it uses SIM-card, you can just use it in Europe and many other parts of the world, wherever GSM exists.
NEGATIVE:-3 it would either not play the song at all , or skip wildly , no matter that the unit was resting on my desk . 
POSITIVE:1  If I were to rate these speakers on my listening needs , I would give a 2.5 stars , but I 'm giving 4 because I think they do the job that most people want them for .
POSITIVE:1 - well-backlit keypad 
POSITIVE:3 The ear buds that come with it look cheap, but the sound quality is amazing. 
NEGATIVE:-1  There 's also no height adjustability , so it sits very low to the desk .
POSITIVE:2 I could take 1/2" passes and it still didn't skip a beat.
POSITIVE:1  - Setup , from in the box to completely working , and programmed for 20 preset FM stations , was under 5 minutes .
NEGATIVE:-1  The sound quality has been poor since day one , the base constantly drops calls , and now there seems to be some sort of short circuit in the base -- we can no longer use the AC adapter with the base or it turns off completely .
POSITIVE:2 on the positive side , the sound of the player is pretty good , once you have everything configured . 
POSITIVE:1  Setup is simple and it worked right out of the box .
POSITIVE:2 You just can't go wrong with this one!
POSITIVE:3 in my opinion it 's the best camera for the money if you 're looking for something that 's easy to use , small good for travel , and provides excellent , sharp images . 
POSITIVE:3 i am willing to overlook it 's problems to get superior sound quality and low price , although i feel the player has a lot of room for improvement . 
NEGATIVE:-2 The flash is very weak.
POSITIVE:1 The FM tuner is just a little spare icing on the cake.  
NEGATIVE:-2 Second might be a problem I might have with my PC but not too sure, when the player is connected on the USB and I start playing on it and also using the windows explorer, it sometimes pauses by itself and tries to synchronise with the PC during play, which is a bit irritating.     
NEGATIVE:-3 software - the software is crap . 
POSITIVE:3 the software is very easy to use , and within 30 minutes of opening my box , i was out and about listening to any one of my 80 cds . 
NEGATIVE:-2  The first set I received had a loud audible tone coming from the speakers and had to be returned .
POSITIVE:2 New firmware update allows for automatic wireless network configuration. 
POSITIVE:2 just easily drag and drop files into the nomad explorer and from there you easily alter id tags and sort your music according to your liking , by artist , song title , genre , etc. 
NEGATIVE:-3 But my biggest gripe is still the extremely ugly design.  
NEGATIVE:-2 I find the major problem with this item is that if you have a very messy diaper and can't tightly bundle it without a mess, the mess gets all over the module that dumps the diaper and the stink is OUTSIDE of the diaper pail.
POSITIVE:1  You can stop looking : This is the best n-router you will find today -LRB- I am writing this on 03 Nov 2011 -RRB- .
POSITIVE:3 the bottom line for me is that i am very happy with this product . 
NEGATIVE:-3 Their site offers no live help at all.
POSITIVE:4 Everything else about the ipod is great, the click wheel is very easy to use and so is the software that comes with it.
NEGATIVE:-1  Since it would not work as advertised I called support .
NEGATIVE:-3 Was a bit wary because the software is Windows only and I have an iMac. 
POSITIVE:3 i have no problem using the player itself and i feel it is a very good player . 
NEGATIVE:-8 seemed like a good deal , but this pos frequently cannot recognize dvds and music cds -- takes a long time loading and then concludes , " no disc " . 
POSITIVE:3 great camera , great investment ! 
NEGATIVE:-3 i know the saying is " you get what you pay for " but at this stage of game dvd players must have better quality than this - there is no excuse . 
POSITIVE:2  A + + + + + + product and very well built for apple users in mind ... ... oh yeah theres a usb port in the back for you droid people .
POSITIVE:6 great colors , pictures and white balance . 
NEGATIVE:-1 Not a killer problem, but not well done, either.
NEGATIVE:-2 Sometimes, various applications crash.
NEGATIVE:-4 there was neither picture nor sound . 
NEGATIVE:-3 i 've attempted to connect this unit to several different tvs , using a multitude of connection methods , and i still can 't get a video signal from the machine . 
NEGATIVE:-5 well flash photos are never great , and there was still a lot of noise . 
POSITIVE:4 the camera is a dream to operate in automode , but also gives tremendous flexibility in aperture priority , shutter priority , and manual modes . 
NEGATIVE:-2  The iPod comes formatted for the Mac, but within seconds of plugging it into a PC, is automatically reformatted for Windows.  (The HP version comes with Windows formatting, and takes seconds to change to Mac.) Although the iPod can be changed from one format to another, you will lose all of your music and data when doing so. 
POSITIVE:1  The device itself is pretty solid .
POSITIVE:1  Much faster than my previous Acer One Netbook with single processor .
POSITIVE:2 it is small enough to fit easily in a coat pocket or purse . 
NEGATIVE:-1  Conclusion : I was ready to pay the shipping to return the speakers the day I got them .
NEGATIVE:-2 I replaced it with a Router Raizer and it works much better.
POSITIVE:5 This camera is an excellent choice for an ultracompact, take anywhere device and boasts an outstanding movie mode to boot. 
POSITIVE:2 i have had mine for a month now and have to say i have enjoyed it . 
POSITIVE:2 i find all of the controls well-placed and not flimsy in the least . 
NEGATIVE:-1 The major reasons I didn't give it a five are:  One, I didn't think the fine adjustment worked well.
POSITIVE:2 I purchased this router at a woodworking show after watching the CMT people using it to demo their bits and was impressed how it performed.
POSITIVE:2 Download it fast to your computer
POSITIVE:2 We don't have to worry about running out of refills with this diaper pail!
NEGATIVE:-1 The electronic speed control is not doing it's job and the router begins to speed up and slow down at will.
POSITIVE:1 The height adjustment works well- not perfect.
POSITIVE:2 transfering is easy , the software makes everythig pretty easy . 
POSITIVE:2 seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert amateur could want . 
POSITIVE:3 Bottom line is that at $160, this is an absolute steal.
POSITIVE:2 The stand that comes with it is very useful to prop it up on the desk. 
NEGATIVE:-2 the other day when i was listening to a song , it locked up and will not do anything now . 
POSITIVE:6 the build quality feels solid , it does n't shake or whine while playing discs , and the picture and sound is top notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound good ) . 
POSITIVE:2  The screen quality is very high & the side view is very sharp & clear .
NEGATIVE:-3 The Creative Zen Micro is a Zen Micro killer, not an Ipod killer. 
POSITIVE:3 Im able to keep my phone on for about a week (mostly stand by) to three days (regular use)
NEGATIVE:-3 what the hell is wrong with this thing . 
POSITIVE:9 it gives great pictures , the controls are easy to use , the battery lasts forever on one single charge , the software is very user-friendly and it is beautiful in it chrome casing . 
POSITIVE:1  I would n't mind having an external adjustable antenna , but it does fine as is and the speed on the bottom floor of the house is much improved .
POSITIVE:3 Other than that it meets or surpasses all of my needs and surely won't disappoint any already established Nokia phone fans.
POSITIVE:2  The model is also very clean and nice , and the software is very user-friendly .
POSITIVE:2  Sound quality is great , bass quality is beyond good .
POSITIVE:1 However, there is a more detailed PDF manual on the CD (and online) that should answer any questions about the operational features of the Zen Micro. 
POSITIVE:1  I followed the easy instructions in the manual , and once online at the router 's login , there is a setup Wizard which will work with your OS if you choose to use it .
POSITIVE:3 i found using the supplied mediasource software very easy . 
NEGATIVE:-1 I built my own router table with a tilt up top & made a hand crank to replace the height adjustment knob & these two things make it easy to change out & raise or lower the bits.
NEGATIVE:-1 All that said, I am a little disappointed with the quality of the pictures from the camera.
POSITIVE:3 It holds a lot of diapers, not to mention the odor!
POSITIVE:3 I've since gotten the Linksys Modem (BEFCMU10) and stacked it with the WRT54G router and it works fantastic!!! 
POSITIVE:2 Using your own bags is much cheaper and convenient.
POSITIVE:2 the scroll wheel is easy to use and works great for me , however many have complained that the wheel is cumbersome and difficult to operate . 
NEGATIVE:-3 had there been strange noises , or obvious defects , i would have accepted a replacement , but this is clearly from a defective and inferior operating system and i for one do not intend on waiting for patches . 
POSITIVE:2 i love the quality of the pictures . 
POSITIVE:2  My house is small , so it 's hard to judge the real strenght of the product through a lot of walls , but in my house the product worked perfectly in all rooms and corners , with no signal interruptions .
POSITIVE:2 Moreover, apart from the plastic cable cover, the camera has a nice, solid feel about it, and it's so tiny, I take it with me wherever I go. 
NEGATIVE:-1 I registered for this item because of the good reviews it got, however I was not impressed.
POSITIVE:1  The monitors were both good .
NEGATIVE:-2 PC software that comes with the player is not as simple as i Tunes but its not bad at all. 
NEGATIVE:-2 Now the bad:  1) As usual, battery power not sufficient for daily usuage.
NEGATIVE:-2  Due to the lack of support for WHS \/ UPNP \/ Guestnetwork , and having just dropped the bones for this router , I was very unimpressed .
POSITIVE:4 this dvd player plays raw mpeg2 and mpeg1 videos , jpeg , wma , cdr / cdrw / dvdr / dvdrw , and of course plays dvd movies from uk. i love the aiff , progressive scan feature . 
NEGATIVE:-4  No Memory Stick slots-- Although a rare feature, it would be nice to have extra storage, not that it needs it Built-in Lithium Battery-- A huge hassle to bring this back; draining the battery once you get it helps, but removable/replaceable ones are a lot more convenient
POSITIVE:3 and amazon.com has it for such a great price -- how can you go wrong ? 
POSITIVE:2 even the battery life is great - it advertises 14 hours , it 's actually a little less but still good . 
POSITIVE:3 Goes ~3 days after a charge.
POSITIVE:3 By no means do you have to be a tech junkie to be able to install it, just be able to put a CD in the computer and it tells you what to do. 
POSITIVE:2 the included eax support is useful at times , especially when you listen to a variety of genres , as it will adjust the equalizer for you which can be a big hassle . 
NEGATIVE:-3 They didn't know what the problem could be.
POSITIVE:6 The bass treble the sound detail is awsome. 
POSITIVE:2 this phone is great as a whole and is not like others with one or two good qualities . 
POSITIVE:2 i really have no complaints over this unit . 
NEGATIVE:-2   The thing has survived plenty of falls with little or no damage, except the inevitable scratches.
POSITIVE:2 I have an ipod and it is a great buy. 
POSITIVE:8 sending the unit to the company of purchase which costs about $90), the ability to record with a built-in microphone (great for recording reminders and meetings), very sturdy construction, and not to mention...the sound quality is excellent!  
POSITIVE:4 Feature for feature, I find it a very sweet little player; equipped with a higher end headphone system, between this and th larger Zen Ihardly use my home stereo system anymore. 
POSITIVE:2 As I mentioned in my first paragraph, it supports WPA security, which is far superior to WEP.  
POSITIVE:2 another reason i got it is because you can put wma files on it . 
NEGATIVE:-3 If you buying this player to use with Napster to Go, wait a while. 
POSITIVE:2  I 'm also running in-wall rated insulated 14 gauge speaker wire , and the stands accommodate this thick wire perfectly , even through the groove in the bottom of the base .
POSITIVE:2 controls easy yo use and easy to get to . 
NEGATIVE:-1  The customer support is very rude .
POSITIVE:3 the player 's software is very easy to use and very good . 
NEGATIVE:-1 This doesn't affect standard MP3 files - just subscription WMA files. 
NEGATIVE:-3 unit worked great for 3 weeks then video output failed . 
NEGATIVE:-2 i can 't rate it one star only because when it does work it 's pretty good . 
NEGATIVE:-1 there are a couple things i didnt like though but nothing serious : a little larger than other mp3s but still light , the software takes some time to get used to ( maybe 10-15 mins ) , and this thing would definitely be destroyed with one fall . 
POSITIVE:3 And so far, I have been very, very happy with my Zen Micro. 
POSITIVE:1 Their website had a download that helped remove those, although I had to manually remove a good number of files from the "Programs" directory.
POSITIVE:3 Other than that, the simbian series 60 OS is great and offers lots of proprietary software that will work on your phone if you're willing to hunt for it.
POSITIVE:2 However after playing with it for three weeks now, I'm convinced, the Zen Micro is superior. 
POSITIVE:1 I don't believe this camera is still available. But if you can find one, you might like to get it.
NEGATIVE:-3 i tried to play the song three times , with no success . 
NEGATIVE:-2 f ) it doesnt look pretty -- spending this kind of cash , you want something that has the asthetics bit down , of course 
POSITIVE:1  I did have problem connecting my laptop to the internet but there customer service representative was very helpful and patient in walking me through all the steps .
NEGATIVE:-3 do not buy this product -- 
POSITIVE:3 This router acts as a wireless access point, 100 MB switch and a router making it a nice multipurpose device.  
NEGATIVE:-1  Their products are super expensive , especially to get them fixed .
POSITIVE:2 the high resolution screen is easy to read and has a backlight . 
POSITIVE:4 so much packed in a small case and very affordable ! 
NEGATIVE:-3 I am giving a zero star to symantec for this version!
POSITIVE:2 We just buy the smaller bags that come like 250 to a roll and are sented and they are like $6.00 and they work great.
POSITIVE:2 great price . 
POSITIVE:1 Bottom line, this camera will give you a lot of bang for the buck!
POSITIVE:2 Transfering MP3s are a cinch with the included software. 
POSITIVE:2 SIMPLE AND IT WORKS!
POSITIVE:3 If you use linux and want GRPS and/or want to use a handsfree bluetooth device, and want a decent camera -- this is the phone for you.
NEGATIVE:-1  The controls are hard to see and not intuitive .
NEGATIVE:-2 the software , which comes with player is not good at all . 
POSITIVE:1  The first 2 routers worked good for years .
NEGATIVE:-1  3 - Not perfect quality of picture if you use the VGA Connection while the DVI Connection is perfect .
NEGATIVE:-1 it sounds decent , but i would estimate you get maybe 80 % of the quality that you would from a true line out jack . 
NEGATIVE:-1  I find it too bright .
POSITIVE:3 in addition it comes with a sleek and powerful headset . 
NEGATIVE:-3 Of course one of the first things I did was write an email to the customer support at Creative, through their website, and by the time they finally got back to me - several working days later when they promise only one - their suggestions were completely worthless. 
POSITIVE:3 the software you get with this camera is perfect . 
NEGATIVE:-4 Sure they say if it's their fault you won't get charged, but THEY are the ones who get to decide whether it's their fault.
NEGATIVE:-2  Although I was concerned about the plastic material and the fragile look , but it really works .
NEGATIVE:-2  Paid more than what amazon is currently selling this router at -LRB- price depression due to poor quality no doubt -RRB- and expected to get a good quality product ... these random disconnects kills it for me .
POSITIVE:2 this is by far the finest camera in its price and category i have ever used . 
NEGATIVE:-1  battery life is not long enough IF and ONLY IF you take a lot of video clips and play it back on the camera a lot of times...the camera/battery gets a little bit warm too when you use it for a long time but it's normal. 
POSITIVE:3 After getting used to the M12 all the rest seemed lacking.
POSITIVE:1  Love this speaker .
POSITIVE:2 the fm radio is cool . 
POSITIVE:2 i find this to be a great feature . 
POSITIVE:2  These issues aside, the iPod is kind of like the cell phone in that once you have one, you can't be without one.
POSITIVE:5 I have ripped over 100 songs from my CD collection and it was so easy and fast, and they all sound great.  
POSITIVE:3 The battery on mine lasts 2 days if I don't play games that much, and it only takes 90 mins to charge from flat.
NEGATIVE:-1 the buttons on the phone are small , even for my small fingertips , but you get used to them rather quickly . 
POSITIVE:2 i checked out the amazon reviews and i 'm pleased to say mine worked , works , fine right out of the box . 
POSITIVE:2  Overall I would reccomend these to someone who wants a set of small but effective computer speakers at a reasonable price .
POSITIVE:2 my favorite thing about the nomad is the eax feature . 
POSITIVE:2 good looks 
POSITIVE:3 It uses the extendable MMC memory, it is perfect for storing videos, pictures and mp3s.
NEGATIVE:-3 4- My idea was that it was an all-in-one , and that theory -once again- proves wrong , this phone excells at nothing , less  than average in everything , if you seriously need any of the "other than phone" functionalities , you'll be disappointed .... if you have lots of money and bought it for the love of gadgets then fine .... but don't expect to get much done .
NEGATIVE:-1 1. Your Hitachi might come to you with a stiff spring mechanism.
NEGATIVE:-2  I spend 10 hours\/day in a VNC session with dark colors ; the colors and brightness change across the panel when I look from the center to the corner .
NEGATIVE:-3 the dynamic playlists ( " now playing " , i belive creative calls it ) feels very awkward at times and some menus simply take to long to get to and operate .. . 
POSITIVE:1 you can also assign special rings and graphics to special people when they call . 
POSITIVE:2 the signal to noise ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio wave ; a larger stn ratio is better ) is nice and high at 98 decibles , and it should be noted that apple refuses to release the stn ratio of any of the ipods . 
POSITIVE:3 this little camera has created a marriage between myself and nikon. never knew i could love a digital camera so much . 
POSITIVE:3 rks almost without fail, no matter what your taste in music is: From relaxation music to hard rock, to hip hop, to Korean and Japanese, to Afro-Cuban and Salsa, Jazz, Blues, Country and Pop, this feature performs well. 
NEGATIVE:-1 the function lever - the one which switches between capture and view mode feels fragile . 
POSITIVE:2 the phone 's sound quality is great ( turn up the volume if its too quiet , people , this thing will get loud ) i dont have any complaints about this phone and the only thing that i miss from my 8290 is voice dialing . 
POSITIVE:10 the sound quality is excellent ( and i 'm fussy with that stuff ) , the unit looks cool , screen is bright and easy to read , and the replaceable battery means a major advantage over the ipod ( besides the price , but everyone knows that ) . 
POSITIVE:2 i liked this one enough to buy another . 
NEGATIVE:-2 5) Video recorder is of no use and one cannot record something useful in 10 seconds and it takes a while to send the same through the "Free picture and video messaging" offered by service provider.
POSITIVE:2 so once i worked out the problem with the software this mp3 player is worth the money it cost . 
POSITIVE:1 Speaking of battery, it's removable AND replaceable! 
POSITIVE:2 most of them are already switched to apex and they are happy . 
POSITIVE:3 I love this camera.
NEGATIVE:-3 this is extemely lame . 
POSITIVE:3 i have not yet seen any of the usual problems with digital pictures ( purple fringing , etc ) so i am very pleased . 
POSITIVE:2  I am very happy with this product and the price was very reasonable given its features and specifications .
NEGATIVE:-3 It is the 'first generation' of the player, and while I still agree that it is a great alternative to the iPod, I think there are many others that would be a much better value for your buck.   
POSITIVE:2 I also own a retail store and this little guy easily plugs into my AUX slot in the store's sound system.  
POSITIVE:2 The player is smaller than you think. 
NEGATIVE:-2 since i received the phone , i spent countless hours on the phone with customer service reps who promised t-zones would work " in 24 hours " . 
POSITIVE:5 the unit seems to play all formats that i have put in it ( jpeg , kodak pic 's and dvd-r ) i have read other reviews and some good and soom not so good , but my feeling at this time is " two thumbs up " ! 
POSITIVE:2 In fact, people who have been present while I changed my almost 3 month old son's diaper have been amazed at how the very 'potent' smell of the dirty diaper seems to disappear once I dispose of the diaper in the Diaper Champ.
POSITIVE:1 All in all it hasn't been a bad product.
NEGATIVE:-2 Very annoying.    
NEGATIVE:-6  ##Cons. 1. Configuration is not easy as it made out to be 2.Lousy Initial Software 3. Does not work with BitSpirit with UPnP, Besides that its an excellent choice , If you know your way around network configuration go for it.
NEGATIVE:-1 The only problem i find with it is that the plunge mechanism will eventually stick due to wood dust.
POSITIVE:2 at the end of the day , what i wanted was a large-capacity player which allows me to easily play any album from my collection wherever i go , and the zen xtra 's combination of price , capacity and features easily meets those criteria . 
POSITIVE:1 all other buttons are pretty sensitive to touch and work well . 
NEGATIVE:-1  It 's flimsy plastic and the monitor bounces around while you type .
NEGATIVE:-2 remote buttons are small and closely spaced , especially with the menu buttons . 
NEGATIVE:-2 Sometimes, it needs few minutes to open an application.
POSITIVE:1  All the latest Acer stuff is top notch !
POSITIVE:2 Purchased this router a few months back, NO PROBLEMS whatsoever.  
POSITIVE:2 im a more happier person after discovering the i/p button ! 
NEGATIVE:-2  Maybe this new design is more durable than the last, but I kind of doubt it.  
POSITIVE:3 Your choice of ten colors in a beatiful package.  
POSITIVE:2   The click wheel is incredibly convenient, however it can be a little overly touchy at times, which will make you frustrated with your own fingers.  
POSITIVE:2 And the firewall came with a wizard which made it effortless to configure it to my LAN.
POSITIVE:3 excellent picture quality - on par with my pioneer , panasonic , and jvc players . 
NEGATIVE:-3 it wo n't play all of my movies . 
POSITIVE:3 It has it all.
POSITIVE:2  As always , super quick shipping by Amazon , items arrived in great shape .
POSITIVE:3 sunset feature takes incredible pics in the morning , and the evening ! 
POSITIVE:3 The display and brightness on this phone is quite extraordinary.
POSITIVE:3 And it is very easy to clean.
POSITIVE:6   Overall the iPod really is an almost flawless beast. The capacity in the 20 GB is more than I think most people would ever need and, for the price, I highly recommend it.
POSITIVE:1 although canon 's batteries are proprietary , they last a really long time , recharge fairly quickly in the camera , plus if you want ' more power ' , you can even find a knockoff charger and spare batteries right here on amazon . 
POSITIVE:2 i expected the 12x digital zoom to be grainy , but onfull size high to fine quality , the zoomed images are quite impressive . 
POSITIVE:1 It also works just fine for international calls.
POSITIVE:1 so far the dvd works so i hope it does n't break down like the reviews i 've read . 
POSITIVE:2 You do get 1 more GB than an iPod mini.  
POSITIVE:1  The sound quality is really good .
POSITIVE:2 Absolutely no problems with this router. 
POSITIVE:4 this is a very light phone - a little less than 3 oz , with long battery life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) . 
NEGATIVE:-2 The firmware has bugs too, so download and install the latest firmware from Linksys. 
POSITIVE:2 the manual is easy to understand , and it is mostly idiot proof . 
POSITIVE:1  It worked great and we just pluged it in .
POSITIVE:3 I do not need to repeat what's great about this phone.
NEGATIVE:-3 if you do n't have tags , it 'll lump all of your tracks into the same directory and they cannot be searched via artist or album as the zen does not recognize folders . 
POSITIVE:1 I downloaded a trial version of Computer Associates EZ Firewall and Antivirus and fell in love with a computer security system all over again.
POSITIVE:1 it is light enough to carry around all day without bother . 
POSITIVE:2  The sound this slim design puts out !!
NEGATIVE:-2 Knocked 1 star off for the install wizard - it wasted alot of time running it.     
NEGATIVE:-2 It barely holds anything and mine just puts a bunch of thread fuzzies all over the player, because the bag is cheap and seems to be coming apart.  
POSITIVE:2 Glad to see the Ed. revised the previous statements regarding image quality. 
POSITIVE:5 My opion is concentrate on what you need now, This product has EXELENT range, holds a teady connection, hasent even droped one and i have it for more than a month now. 
POSITIVE:3 It powers up quickly, so you won't miss that quick shot. 
POSITIVE:1  It has a USB port -- so you can plug in a USB-powered drive and have network-accessible storage .
POSITIVE:1  I 'm very happy with this router , and would recommend it .
POSITIVE:3 This is easy to work and easy to dispose of the dirty diapers.
POSITIVE:1 The soft start is nice.
POSITIVE:1  My DWL-2100AP does not work as a repeater for DI-624S and there is no firmware update to support this product .
POSITIVE:4 it's easier and much more convenient to use because it doesn't have CLUMSY and CONFUSING (not to mention expensive) refills.
POSITIVE:3 You do not have to waste money or time trying to purchase special bags for the Champ.
POSITIVE:3 1.The Phone has the best keypad any Nokia phone has to offer.
NEGATIVE:-1 I will also say that it takes a very long moment for the camera to do its digital image processing between the time you press the button and when the camera actually takes the picture.
NEGATIVE:-2 it would spin , read , spin some more and then show on the display that there was no disc . 
POSITIVE:1  UPDATE Jan 12 , 2012 The device has worked flawlessly for the past year .
POSITIVE:3 The interface is simple to use.
POSITIVE:3 this is the third apex product i 've bought and they continue to impress for the price . 
NEGATIVE:-2 Even just turning the camera on will move the lens a little, resulting in a noisy start-up.
POSITIVE:2 the battery lasts very long when playing music , but writing files to the player drains the battery fast , so you need to have it plugged into an outlet when sending files . 
NEGATIVE:-2 I tried disabling the various components provided with this product, paring it all the way back to anti-virus only service... and saw no improvement.
POSITIVE:1 i 've had the player for about 2 years now and it still performs nicely with the exception of an occasional wwhhhrrr sound from the motor . 
POSITIVE:2 You can use the player to store your computer data files (Good feature to have).   
POSITIVE:2 In a week of use i've never had to reboot the router. 
NEGATIVE:-3 I read many reviews on Norton I.S. 2004 from a variety of sources (Cnet, Amazon, message boards) and came to the conclusion that NIS 04 was a terrible product and not worth the update.
POSITIVE:2  The speakers themselves sound really good .
NEGATIVE:-2 the zooming lever is shaky , i hope it does not operate mechanically , otherwise you 'll feel uneasy . 
POSITIVE:2 Smooth plunging! ( it did stick a bit so I sprayed it w/ lubricant.
POSITIVE:3   EASE OF USE/DESIGN: The iPod is a very easy to use MP3 player, and if you can't figure this out, you shouldn't even own one.
NEGATIVE:-1  Unfortunately , I just could not get it to work .
POSITIVE:2 playlists can be made on the fly , without aid of a computer , and you can use play modes like shuffle and repeat for your ' now playing ' selections or playlists . 
NEGATIVE:-3 after we discovered the problems , we tried to contact apex ( fkor 3 months ) , but we never got in touch with them.the customer support telephone number is always busy , and they do not answer their web customer support . 
POSITIVE:5 2- Excellent picture quality and so simple to use!!!
POSITIVE:3 i have the software working fine now and the mp3 player is fantastic . 
NEGATIVE:-1  I conclude that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link uses is not as good as that of other brands .
POSITIVE:2  it 's far from expensive for the specifications but there is a lot more than in there ... i like it so much ... its nicely designed for the portable user and I like the Ferrari design on it .
POSITIVE:2 Also, with one click you can help train your spam killer.
POSITIVE:2  The iPod package comes with everything you need, the AC adaptor, firewire cable (quicker than USB, but slower than USB 2 which it also gives), those snazzy and powerfull headphones, and of course the player. 
NEGATIVE:-2 first , the sound quality is okay , but ( as at least one other reviewer has mentioned ) the eax can cause audio interference after about 30 minutes . 
POSITIVE:5 This camera is great, wonderfully small, and has attactive hi-tech casing.
POSITIVE:3 3 band and you can just change the SIM card in it to be able to use it in Europe with another service provider.
POSITIVE:2 when you learn how to change some settings, you can make the quality even better 
NEGATIVE:-3 if there was a zero-star rating i would give it.
NEGATIVE:-3 You have to purchase that separately for some outrageous cost. 
POSITIVE:3 The touch buttons are textured so that your finger sdon't slip which was very thoughtful.   
NEGATIVE:-1  Especially due to the odd sized plug designed by D-Link .
NEGATIVE:-3 This router was a huge disapointment.
POSITIVE:2 in general it is easy to use and well laid out . 
POSITIVE:5 The camera is solid, performs well, takes good pictures, and the battery lasts pretty long if you disable the LCD viewfinder.
NEGATIVE:-1 This is definitely one of those products, especially as the company is leaning more towards making a profit.
POSITIVE:2 canon 's optics are better and i believe their processing algorithms are also better . 
POSITIVE:2 i have owned this camera for a short time and would n't give it up for anything . 
POSITIVE:2 i did not want to have high expectations for this apex player because of the price but it is definitely working out much better than what i would expect from an expensive high-end player . 
POSITIVE:3 I've had nothing but good luck with T-Mobile.
POSITIVE:2 transfer through windows explorer - windows recognizes the jukebox as an additional hard disk , so it allows you to simply drag and drop files from windows explorer to a folder for the nomad . 
NEGATIVE:-1 Now it will start smelling if you leave it with diapers in it for an extended period but all of them will!
POSITIVE:3 As the 6600 uses 900mhz, it operates in more countries than the 6620.
POSITIVE:2 yet after ensuring that all the id3 tags are in order ( with the software which is actually not as bad as people make it out ) it actually turns out to be really handy . 
NEGATIVE:-6 2- It is bulky and the small buttons on the sides are sloppy to use .
POSITIVE:2 if you strictly use the lcd and not the view finder , i highly recommend the camera . 
NEGATIVE:-2 the main problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gb is the software . 
POSITIVE:2 I bought my Zen Micro three months ago mainly because I preferred the size and style to the iPod mini. 
NEGATIVE:-2 so loud , really , that it does n't work terribly well as a silent ringer option . 
NEGATIVE:-6 second , the menu system and controls are poorly designed . 
NEGATIVE:-2 is not as intuitive as I would like.  
POSITIVE:1 however , the battery life is good enough you should n't be overly concerned with turning this phone off . 
POSITIVE:4 great screen and great sound . 
POSITIVE:2 but this camera is great ! 
NEGATIVE:-2 unfortunately , after loading 280 + songs , all i get now is " player either not connected or busy . " 
NEGATIVE:-3 The menu pops up after 3 seconds The picture takes a while to load from its slow card memory.
NEGATIVE:-1 But, sometimes, if the Champ is too full, the flip handle won't function.
POSITIVE:2 good quality video . 
POSITIVE:3 this is the best phone i have seen . 
NEGATIVE:-2 unfortunately i bought a player because the ps2 could n't play all my dvds , and now the player can 't play everything . 
POSITIVE:2 the infrared is a blessing if you have a previous nokia and want to transfer your old phone book to this phone , saved me hours of re-entering my numbers . 
POSITIVE:3 the phones are awesome . 
NEGATIVE:-2 i send my camera to nikon for servicing , took them a whole 6 weeks to diagnose the problem . 
POSITIVE:1  This is a superb system and highly recommended .
POSITIVE:2 canon have packed a lot in here and the options and controls are easy to use and logically laid out . 
POSITIVE:3 One cabinet shop has been using one regularly in a router table for 11 years without a problem.
NEGATIVE:-2 the headphone jack seems to be a major problem . 
NEGATIVE:-1 The downside being that the Tivo can only connect at 802.11b speeds and not 802.11g. 
POSITIVE:1 The hardcase they give with it must work well.  
POSITIVE:3  Bottom line is for the price , these things sound GREAT and have tons of good bass .
POSITIVE:2 i like my phones to be small so i can fit it in my pockets . 
POSITIVE:3 Battery : A Big Big plus. 
POSITIVE:3  The speakers have a very rich sound and good bass also , obviously not thumping bass for which you would need a huge subwoofer !!
NEGATIVE:-1 Again, this doesn't affect regular MP3 files - just subscription DRM-encoded files, like those from Napster-to-Go or Yahoo Music Unlimited.  
NEGATIVE:-1 I added a crank for those times when I  need to make fine adjustments, but I seldom use it.
NEGATIVE:-2 2 ) having unfilled id3 tags will cause music to be potentially placed in a folder called " unknown . " 
POSITIVE:1 I thought the FM radio would not see much use with so many tracks avaiable to me, but its great for tuning in to TV programs at the gym while on the treadmill, concerts and programs being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
POSITIVE:2  I went out and got the Canon today. 
NEGATIVE:-1  Doesn't have alot of good games on it.
NEGATIVE:-2 the one other thing i observed while i had the nomad is that the front cover , which is taken off to have access to the battery , seemed to come undone very easily . 
NEGATIVE:-1 I've often struggled to get something to work the way I want it, and hate to have to carry the manual with me all the time!
POSITIVE:3 all in all though i 'm very happy with my new mp3 player . 
NEGATIVE:-2 only one disk played through to completion successfully . 
POSITIVE:6 The Look & Feel: I have the black one and the contrasting neon blue on the buttons add a very nice ambience. 
POSITIVE:7 lots of flaws , but exceptional sound quality , hd size , and price make it a good buy . 
NEGATIVE:-2 having spent considerable time with professional video gear , i find onscreen displays annoying . 
NEGATIVE:-3 And, when you think about it, it's insulting that Norton requires its customers to jump through these hoops -- anyone who can provide proof of purchase, whether on the phone or online (what if your computer is down?), should have equal priority.
POSITIVE:6 the pictures are razor-sharp , even in macro . 
POSITIVE:1 The manual modes give you a lot of control over exposure and white balance (but there is no manual focus or manual exposure).
POSITIVE:3 while going for a cellphone , i was fully determined to buy a nokia only as it is the best in cellphones . 
POSITIVE:2 Probably a great phone overall, and perhaps mine just has bugs.
POSITIVE:2 Overall this tool is very well worth the price and I have no regrets about my purchase.
NEGATIVE:-1  When I reset it , like unplugging it and plugging it back in , I would get the N speeds 150 mbps the first time it connected and would transfer files at that speed , then usually next time I connected it would drop back to 65 or 52 mbps and stay at these speeds .
NEGATIVE:-3 The support has been less than impressive, considering the cost. 
POSITIVE:4 great quality picture and features . 
POSITIVE:1 I have to say that I am very happy with it so far.
NEGATIVE:-2 I have to move pictures off of it every day so I have room for more pictures the next, and I don't have enough money to buy the 256 MEG card that I've had my eye on for a while.
NEGATIVE:-2 Well, I got my second player, and right out of the box it wasn't working right and once again, after consulting customer se!
NEGATIVE:-3 seems it is always difficult to press to make a selection . 
NEGATIVE:-1 Well, my second one is now beginning to hicup a bit after about 1 1/2 years.
POSITIVE:1  The sound is pretty good also -LRB- although not anything like a 5.1 surround system -RRB- There is reflection , but I only really notice it when the display is off , in which case you see you own reflection on the screen .
POSITIVE:3 Best phone i've ever owned, period.
NEGATIVE:-2 The only reason for not giving it 5 stars: the claimed battery life of 12 hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really sit down and listen continuously for 12 hours without ever touching the player, but in real life I can probably get 6-8 hours at most. 
NEGATIVE:-3 I'm an advocate of Nokia , but this phone and the following models (7610) , are seemingly a desperate trial at squeezing as much under-engineered and experimental technologies in one sloppy phone .
POSITIVE:5 there is much which has been said in other reviews about the features of this phone , it is a great phone , mine worked without any problems right out of the box . 
NEGATIVE:-3 purchased the ad-2600 about a month ago and have had numerous problems with it . 
POSITIVE:1 The bottom line is "Phone is cool one - only for the moment, as its the latest phone in the market and has all the new features, but this will soon be displaced by upcoming newer phones".
POSITIVE:1  Not that Apple computers break down often but this is cheap insurance for 3 years .
NEGATIVE:-2 controls are a bit awkward . 
POSITIVE:1  I paired this very easily to two different Android phones .
POSITIVE:6 The pictures are uniformly excellent and color rendering is perfect.
POSITIVE:1  The sound is so good that my boyfriend wants one now !
POSITIVE:2 great phone , i 'd buy another . 
POSITIVE:3 this player is an ideal purchase . 
NEGATIVE:-2 Last, i find the price a bit expensive for a product such as this. 
POSITIVE:3 And the tech writers have made the installation process SO EASY for people lik my aunt to follow. 
NEGATIVE:-2 5 ) this apex model 2600 will not work with my universal remote control . 
POSITIVE:3 6600 looks and feels nice.
POSITIVE:3 if you'll only read the whole manual, you'll find out even more cool features and you'll learn how to manipulate the quality you want to achieve and all those modes will make sense after reading 
POSITIVE:2 We were able to obtain a Norton Corporate Edition of Antivirus only (no firewall or utilities) and so far it's great.
NEGATIVE:-1  The only drawback is the speaker wire is very thin .
NEGATIVE:-3 the software sucks . 
POSITIVE:3 I've dropped it atleast a dozen times to my recolletion and it still works as good as ever.
NEGATIVE:-2 3 months of use and it no longer recognizes anything . 
POSITIVE:1  This router is the best I have used to date .
NEGATIVE:-2 you can see the lens barrel in the view-finder . 
POSITIVE:2 Feature wise, its a lot better than the dlink and netgear routers out there.     
POSITIVE:4 3) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the pictures and stuff.
POSITIVE:4 its fast-forward and rewind work much more smoothly and consistently than those of other models i 've had . 
POSITIVE:2  Billy Joel was n't kidding when he said you get more mileage from a cheep pair of speakers .
POSITIVE:2 m3u files are used by most mp3 players like musicmatch and winamp , but not creative - without notmad you need to manually recreate your playlists ) ; it does n't care what software you use to rip or catalog your music - creative or any other company - all my 12.5 gb of music were transferred to the zen with correct tags - hooray ! 
POSITIVE:1  I love this speakers .
POSITIVE:3 This one is full of features(has bluetooth).
POSITIVE:1  The sound is clear and clean but if your not on top of it you ca n't hear a thing .
POSITIVE:3 The speed is the same as dail up, where i live we do not have wifi everywhere so this is my version of it until we catch up.
POSITIVE:4 It was a very quick setup and installation, in fact the disc that it comes with pretty much makes sure you cant mess it up. 
NEGATIVE:-2 i tried called apex cust service , no help . 
NEGATIVE:-1 Unfortunately, Linksys does not write the best documentation.  
NEGATIVE:-2 - the top that covered the battery kept poping off without much of a touch near the bottom latch . 
POSITIVE:3  Item shipped out quickly , was in good condition , came with easy to use set-up disk ... we have n't had to 're - set ' the router at all so far since it 's delivery , so my wife is no longer giving me the business about losing her wireless internet connection on her laptop ... added security benefits , neighbors no longer hogging signal , well worth the purchase price !
POSITIVE:6 +Battery life is awesome IF you upgrade the firmware [requires a windows pc] OR make sure to always plug the ac adapter into the player before plugging into the outlet +Awesome sound quality... I mean it is Creative right? 
NEGATIVE:-1 It was impossible to change the speed with just my fingers.
NEGATIVE:-2 * lens visible in optical viewfinder . 
POSITIVE:1  Great picture .
NEGATIVE:-5 this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers need to know about a third party software company that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer issues . 
NEGATIVE:-3 1-A cell phone is to make CALLS , in other words , quality of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively low volume speaker , you'd have to press it hard against your ear to hear anything the other person is saying , unless the surroundings were completely quiet .
POSITIVE:4 Have had the Nokia 6600 for a year now and am generally very happy with it and with T-Mobile.
POSITIVE:1 Also I like the  position of all the controls and the fact that it doesn't have any extra  knobs or gizmos.
POSITIVE:2 i would recommend this product to anyone . 
POSITIVE:2  I purchased three of these Acer 19 '' at very good rates from Amazon ... we are extremely pleased with the clarity and sharpness .
POSITIVE:3 Overall I'm incredibly impressed with my new Zen Touch. 
POSITIVE:2 operating its many features is easy and often obvious - i 'm no annie lebovitz , but i was able to figure out most of its abilities just messing around with it at a camera store . 
NEGATIVE:-2 at the very least , a sturdier more protective carrying case would be nice . 
POSITIVE:3 the battery life is very good , i got about 90 minutes with the lcd turned on all the time , the first time around , and i have been using it with the lcd off every now and then , and have yet needed to recharge it . 
POSITIVE:5 i highly recommend this camera to anybody looking for a compact camera that can take good quality pictures. 
POSITIVE:2 I have had mine for about a year and use a third party firmware on mine and love it. 
POSITIVE:2 I have had no problem either with backward compatiaibility, in that the "mixed mode" feature lets you both 54 and 11 Mb cards off the router.     
POSITIVE:2 In short, the Nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a revolution.
NEGATIVE:-1  This model router has now failed me twice in the short span of time mentioned .
POSITIVE:1   Comments: Overall this is still a great value, but is kind of overrated in the sense that there are beater deals on the market.
NEGATIVE:-2 the keypad is a decent size , but the power on/off key is small and difficult to press . 
NEGATIVE:-2 i was unable achieve a sound quality on par with my simple portable cd player with " bass boost . " 
POSITIVE:1  This setup worked perfectly the first shot at it .
POSITIVE:2 Well, I have an Ipod mini - and I really like it, but all in all, I like the Zen Micro more.
NEGATIVE:-2 after @ 3 months , it stoppped playing higher number scenes on dvds . 
NEGATIVE:-3 Stay away from this product!
POSITIVE:1  Other than that the sound is so crisp and clear and I would still purchase this all over again .
POSITIVE:1  I thought it might possibly be the modem or ISP until I hooked the old trusty Linksys back up to it and it worked fine .
POSITIVE:2 Its stable, so a curious toddler can't easily tip it over.
NEGATIVE:-1 The performance of the router itself deserves 5 stars, but the Linksys documentation and support is so poor that I can only give it 4. 
NEGATIVE:-3 The little bag it comes with is cheap and useless.  
POSITIVE:1 I use the router with a 3 1/2in raised panel bit with no problems.
POSITIVE:1  I just set it up manually , which is very easy .
NEGATIVE:-1 no line out jack - as i said , there is none . 
POSITIVE:2  Very sturdy and strong.
NEGATIVE:-1  It will only move the monitor side to side -LRB- no up\/down or tilt feature -RRB- .
POSITIVE:3 The Nokia 6600 is a decent extension of the smartphone line.
POSITIVE:1  Even the bass is pretty impressive from such rather small drivers .
POSITIVE:1 it also lets you remove songs from the play order . 
POSITIVE:2 Friends told me that the Diaper Genie did not work very well, so bought the Diaper Champ based on on-line reviews and I have been happy with it.
POSITIVE:1 with a quick spin of the dial you can select shutter priority ( for high speed subjects ) , aperture priority ( for focal length ) or full program mode where the camera selects both for ideal photo quality . 
NEGATIVE:-4 a good player at a great price with terrible software that makes ripping and transferring way more difficult than it should be . 
POSITIVE:3 I have been absolutely, completely satisfied with the product and its capabilities.
NEGATIVE:-2 one complaint ... the screen is too easily scratched ! 
NEGATIVE:-2  The stand is by far the most inferior aspect of this monitor .
POSITIVE:3 The view finder shows crystal clear pictures that will look even better when you get them to the computer. 
POSITIVE:2 I did notice if you turn the phone on and off the OS takes a bit to load up and initially the menus are slower but once the phone has been on and booted up the menus are reasonably quicker.
POSITIVE:3 i connected my camera to the tv and played some video clips and for a digital camera to take such good quality clips, i give it 5/5 stars =) oh and btw, while you take video clips, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only though)...but still...(my old one can't do that...you have to zoom it first if you want then take the video clip.)
NEGATIVE:-2 the little jog dial seems weak and quirky and i hope i do n't figure out a way to break it . 
NEGATIVE:-3 after less than 24 hours it turned out to be a huge disappointment , for myself and for my parents , for whom it was a gift . 
NEGATIVE:-2 the player 's mechanics are also flawed . 
POSITIVE:4 ive seen em all , the archos , dell , ipods , everything ... good price and great sound makes this one the best in my opinion . 
POSITIVE:2 the lcd is larger than the previous model , the nx , and has a bright blue backlight which illuminates the screen more successfully than the nx 's green backlight did . 
POSITIVE:2 you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i.e. free ringtones from midi files , free graphics from any picture on your computer , and if you know how to program jme you can even make your own apps / games . 
POSITIVE:2 you can move the focus range to almost anywhere in the scene with the push of a button , and it has an on-screen manual focus mode that would be really helpful if shooting a scene that is tough to automatically focus . 
NEGATIVE:-1  However, the battery life isn't as good as I would like. 
NEGATIVE:-1 I purchased this phone knowing it was slightly old as compared to the newer models of Nokia phones available.
POSITIVE:3 Also, multiple picture feature is very, very fast.
POSITIVE:4 not only is it more affordable , but its a better player for windows , which is what i have . 
POSITIVE:1  If you have netbook expectations you will be pleasantly surprised by how well this baby runs .
NEGATIVE:-1  The backlight will periodically fail , the first time it happened I sent it in for warranty repair .
POSITIVE:1  I 'm very happy with these , I 'll probably buy 2 more for the front channels .
NEGATIVE:-1  -LRB- yeah , like you 'll use a new , very expensive dsl modem as dumb bridge -RRB- I returned the Item and got a linksys dsl modem instead .
POSITIVE:4 Its just as fast as the included Creative software, but much less invasive, and overall better looking. 
POSITIVE:2 The Creative Zen Micro, at first glance, is a dream come true for all mp3 and music lovers. 
POSITIVE:3 No need to pay for the special refills that the other brands require!
POSITIVE:3 This is an excellent router for the money.
POSITIVE:2 you feel like you are holding something of substance , not some cheap plastic toy . 
POSITIVE:2 10 ) multiple play modes - tracks in order of album , shuffle , etc. , is standard on all jukebox players but worth noting that the zen xtra is not deficient in this matter . 
NEGATIVE:-2 this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like me with big hands . 
NEGATIVE:-1 there was occasionally a lip-sync issue ( the lips were n't moving in time to the dialogue ) . 
NEGATIVE:-1  I hesitated for so long because of the price .
POSITIVE:3 i have it for a week now , and this camera has exceeded my expectations . 
POSITIVE:1 iPod is brilliant, but service was awful
POSITIVE:1 The plunge lock and power switch are very easily accessible which is a must when doing free hand routing.
POSITIVE:2 compared to musicmatch , the software has a better filing system and easier to use . 
POSITIVE:3 Sound  I'm no audiophile but I was amazed by the clarity the player had, it was much better than the sound card on my Computer and louder too. 
NEGATIVE:-1  I could tell this was a `` cheap '' monitor as soon as I set it up .
NEGATIVE:-3 The "movies" last about 5 seconds.
POSITIVE:3 No skips, and it hasn't faltered once (despite your inevitable drop or two.
POSITIVE:1 White earbuds ( i replaced those with some shure headphones, big difference), a case, a stand, a clip (which doesn't really work), and a nice little zen micro bag. 
NEGATIVE:-6 can 't say whether i rec 'd an " updated " model but it will not read dvd + rw 's or vcd 's for me . 
NEGATIVE:-2 Configuring it for a home network was almost impossible.
POSITIVE:2 the volume range is great , so you can blast it if you want . 
POSITIVE:3 We just recently had to buy another roll of bags. SO $6.00 for a year of bags- can't beat that!!
NEGATIVE:-2 you even can not navigate by genre / artist / album since under genre you get just all tracks in that genre , no other division . 
POSITIVE:2 All in all, this is a wonderful device.  
POSITIVE:2 as i mentioned before , the creative mediasource software is actually really robust despite what others have said , though notmad may still work better . 
NEGATIVE:-3 It's important that people know the following:  First, the interface is slow.
NEGATIVE:-1 the only things i have found that i havent liked is that the lcd is hard to read in daylight but everyone elses is too . 
POSITIVE:2 All you have to do is click one button on the router configuration window and the router automatically senses the devices and configures the network. 
POSITIVE:2 this is a great camera for you ! 
NEGATIVE:-1  Its annoying when you pay $ 100 + for a router and it does n't work as it is supposed straight out of the box !
NEGATIVE:-1  The interface was atrocious ; several elements simply did n't work at all .
NEGATIVE:-2 Although the SD500 takes great quality photos, the sensitivity of the LCD compromises the quality overall.
POSITIVE:1  Sharp image .
NEGATIVE:-3 Don't use them, so I delete them for addtl space.
NEGATIVE:-1 The adjustment knob seemed ok, but when lowering the router, I have to practically pull it down while turning the knob.
POSITIVE:2 first and foremost , it will take better pic 's than most film camera 's . 
POSITIVE:4 Finally, compare the iPod to other players on a cost/Gb, and also consider ease of use. 
POSITIVE:2 the sound is excellent as one would suspect from a creative product . 
NEGATIVE:-2 i am disappointed and looking elsewhere for something that can withstand the " rigor " of a business traveler . 
POSITIVE:2  Other then that it is a fantastic display for the price .
POSITIVE:1 what makes the focus-lock lag time something i can live with is the extreme depth of field obtainable with these point and shoot digicams at f8 . 
POSITIVE:5 Initially these phones were fun to play with some of the cool features like the speaker phone, web browser and ofcourse the built in camera.
POSITIVE:1 I have a Canon A 70 , and now this SD500, its amazing, how this little camera produces, such great pics, it even brings out ur pimples on the face. 
POSITIVE:1  I 'm very satisfied with it especially for he price .
NEGATIVE:-1  After that , the router would never even respond to its own internal browser link .
NEGATIVE:-2 i have had this player for 3 months and have been able to see a total of 6 dvd 's , after the frustration and aggrivation of getting the player to do it 's job . 
POSITIVE:3 On the contrary, I'm quite pleased with my upgrade.
POSITIVE:3 I have owned some kind of Creative audio product since 1993 and have never had to call tech support.  
POSITIVE:6 - Great sound! I was very impressed, I encode at 192 kbps and the audio quality is great, especially with the better headphones. 
POSITIVE:3 Frankly, I think this is one of the niftiest pieces of hardware I've ever used.
POSITIVE:2 FM transmitter (belkin has a good one) to use Zen with your car Sterio FM Tunner   Latest Find: Connected this baby to my $3800 audiophile audio system and it produced clean sound compared to Ipod. 
NEGATIVE:-1 The only problem I had was a few components didn't quite load correctly upon startup, but a reboot fixed the problem.
POSITIVE:3 i love all of the features , and presets as well . 
NEGATIVE:-1 For example, in auto mode you can't use the flash redeye reduction, you must be in manual mode for that.
POSITIVE:3 It is Nokia and thus easy to acces the menu options.
NEGATIVE:-1  Initially the sound was low and sounded `` off '' .
POSITIVE:6 Pros.1.Speed  2. Signal Strength  3.Advanced Configuration Options
POSITIVE:1 Audio is mono and fairly acceptable, quiet also with little distortions. 
POSITIVE:3 while , there are flaws with the machine , the xtra gets five stars because of its affordability . 
NEGATIVE:-2 At first glance, I thought this phone was a little too big for me, maybe a little too complicated.
POSITIVE:2 the 4G Ipod costs the same as this 5G Zen Micro. 
NEGATIVE:-2  If I only considered the software or internet user manual I would have rated technical support as 2 or maybe 3 -LRB- at best -RRB- .
NEGATIVE:-3 - Not compatible with Audible.com books.  
POSITIVE:3 Plus, the fact that it used regular trash bags is great.
POSITIVE:2 zennx 's replaceable battery was the deciding factor in my purchase of zennx over ipod . 
POSITIVE:2 5 ) its focusing system is also very flexible . 
POSITIVE:2 I decided to go with the Diaper Champ rather than the more popular Diaper Genie, because I didn't like the idea of having to buy special bags.
NEGATIVE:-2 I couldn't get the install wizard to work.  
POSITIVE:2 the battery life seems good , takes very lttle time to charge , it uploads mp3s quickly and there is no delay between songs . 
POSITIVE:1  I bought this monitor from computer direct a couple months ago , and I have been very satisfied with it so far .
NEGATIVE:-3 I hope you have a magnifying glass, because the number displayed as well as most of the pop up options are tiny.
POSITIVE:3 i found it very useful for transferring large files to another computer . 
POSITIVE:2 i am able to carry it close to my body , in places where other phones are not so easily concealed . 
POSITIVE:3 The accesories that come with the player are great. 
POSITIVE:1 it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't let you take pics with it on which is real good . 
POSITIVE:2  This audio bar has a great sound , even when i turn it up to the highest level on my laptop .
POSITIVE:4 the design is sleek and the color screen has good resolution . 
NEGATIVE:-2 Like most of their solutions (which first blame other applications for errors), the tech persons line was that this was probably a Microsoft error - it was NOT.
NEGATIVE:-1 the scroll button is sort of annoying to push - a nice button would be nicer but eh , not a big deal . 
POSITIVE:3 The SD500 software install was seamless and the product documentation is very detailed. 
POSITIVE:3  am so glad I bought this camera. 
POSITIVE:2 10 great price for all the features . 
POSITIVE:2 I bought the Diaper Champ and have been very happy for the following reasons.
POSITIVE:2 Overall, the Micro is a solid device and I haven't fell into a problem with it yet *knocks on wood*. 
POSITIVE:2 The computer interface is 90% good, only losing points due to the fact that "Creative" branding is all over the place within it. 
POSITIVE:2 actually using the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated . 
POSITIVE:2 It has an exterior design that combines form and function more elegantly than any point-and-shoot we've ever tested. 
NEGATIVE:-2 This program would not let me send Outlook Email or listen to Audible sample books online.
POSITIVE:2 i like the auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
POSITIVE:2 given that i already have the zen the only reason i am happy with it is because of the notmad software . 
NEGATIVE:-1 After reading reviews of LCD problems, cracked, black blobs etc, I figured that it was probably a very limited problem. 
POSITIVE:2 this camera has a cool stitch pictures feature , to find out more just log on to canon 's website . 
POSITIVE:2 ( batteries last longer too ! ) 
POSITIVE:3  The speakers look nice and are easy to use .
POSITIVE:2 Even with the waterproof housing it is small.
NEGATIVE:-2 what really made this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software . 
POSITIVE:2 nothing has broken on it , and it plays all the dvds i have . 
POSITIVE:1 Wow - was that disappointing and we didn't even have it 6 months before it broke.
POSITIVE:5 The package also comes with a USB cable, an AC adapter, a pair of headphones (they're okay until you get a better pair), a stand, and a microfiber pouch to carry your Zen Touch in.  
POSITIVE:1  Just an average user getting good value in this product .
NEGATIVE:-2 It's nice that the Zen Micro has bells and whistles like FM (but where's AM???) and voice recording, and 20% more storage than "the other" mini MP3 player, but why is it so (...)ugly?  
POSITIVE:3 As I drove across the country I lost reception only in eastern Kentucky's mountains.
POSITIVE:2 you can create playlists , drag & drop songs and playlists to your player , and rip directly from cd to your player . 
POSITIVE:1  I love this little speaker .
POSITIVE:2 But that is good for me because Symantec softwares are a bit hard to master for me who are not savvy on computers.
POSITIVE:1  These are great bike speakers for the weekend cycling in the park .
POSITIVE:3 2) The Champ uses regular store bags.
POSITIVE:1 the eax settings are somewhat superfluous but not really a negative . 
POSITIVE:4 proven canon built quality and lens . 
POSITIVE:3  The sound is great , not as good as my $ 1000 each Klipsch R7s , but come on , for the size and price , you will not beat these units .
NEGATIVE:-2 The MS scandisk would appear due to manual shutdown and would only scan to the 2nd bar, over and over(up to 1 hr, I then shut it down and used GOBACK).
POSITIVE:1  The sounds were as the movie directors intended .
POSITIVE:2 i did n't read a thing about how to operate it -- it was just intuitive . 
POSITIVE:2 best in class. 
POSITIVE:2 Its nice look is also a plus.
NEGATIVE:-1 The only not-so-positive comment I have is about the depth adjustment, it is not easy to micro-adjust accurately.
POSITIVE:4 this camera also has a great feel and weight to it . 
NEGATIVE:-3 i think this is it 's biggest flaw . 
POSITIVE:1  This is the best speaker mount I had so far .
POSITIVE:2 i enthusiastically recommend this camera . 
NEGATIVE:-2 unfortunately , the 6610 does not offer voice dialing like my previous phone , but the other features it packs outweighs this shortcoming . 
POSITIVE:2 the camera has a wonderful set of features . 
POSITIVE:2 The inital setup of the router was simple. 
NEGATIVE:-3  The network was down , the Internet connection was gone , and the router was completely unresponsive .
POSITIVE:2 Good image quality. 
POSITIVE:2 The Earbuds are great headphones as good as my AGK Studio 240, well not as good but darn close.  
POSITIVE:4 3 it is very compact but the controls are so well designed that they 're still easy to use . 
NEGATIVE:-1 For purposes of clarity, here is my review from that product,edited to be appropriate for this product, since, for the most part, they share many of the same problems.
POSITIVE:4 I have especially enjoyed the 640x480 mode, while not a replacement for a dedicated video camera, its quality easily surpasses that of my old Hi-8 camera and is perfect for quick clips of things that still images just dont describe (max 8 mins at 640 30fps on a one gig card). 
POSITIVE:3 I do give create to Creative for their attractive design.    
POSITIVE:2  Otherwise a very decent monitor for its price .
POSITIVE:3 But it takes gorgeous pictures for a 2.1 MP camera.
NEGATIVE:-2  You can also use a 6v DC power supply -LRB- not included -RRB- Cons : - Bad Instructions ; like many products of this type the instructions manual is lacking and , in this case , erroneously lists the power requirements as AC when it should be DC .
POSITIVE:3 this is my second creative labs mp3 player , and it is definitely a fine product . 
NEGATIVE:-3 it was ( i sold it after a few months ) too expensive for the shots that i got . 
POSITIVE:3 Works perfectly with my netgear wireless PCMCIA. 
NEGATIVE:-3 who in the hell needs a frigging *VGA* camera on their CELLPHONE???
POSITIVE:3 The songs recorded with FM are as good as the original signal. 
POSITIVE:2 i have not been disappointed with my purchase . 
POSITIVE:1 The zoom range is a little narrow (35-70mm in 35mm film equivalent), but given that the camera is the same as my wallet, I can't think of any real complaint.
POSITIVE:3 the new organizer software that ships with the nomad zen xtra could n't be easier to use . 
POSITIVE:2 I wanted this product because i didn't have to buy special bags for it and it also came highly recommended.
POSITIVE:2 3 . the remote capture and fileviewer software bundled for photo capture is mind-blowing . 
NEGATIVE:-1  There is no photo viewing option, however, there is a 20 GB photo iPod, but it costs $20 more.
POSITIVE:1 Once installed, however, some of the functions do work OK (Disk Doctor, One Button Checkup, and WinDoctor).
POSITIVE:2 i 've played around with the equalizer settings and am satisfied at the range of choices i have there too . 
POSITIVE:1  We like Acer products and this one does n't disappoint .
POSITIVE:1  This LED monitor is fantastic !!!
NEGATIVE:-2 Diapers can get stuck when turned around if you don't tightly wrap them first. 
POSITIVE:3 so easy to set up , had some problems with my archos . 
POSITIVE:2 the powershot g3 is a great camera . 
POSITIVE:3 The Phone offers a 32 Mb MMC card and I think that is certainly the most exciting feature.
POSITIVE:3 I must say, I think this is the coolest camera I've ever  owned!
NEGATIVE:-2 pc cable is too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb cable ? 
POSITIVE:2 i 've tried playing all of these discs and they all play great . 
POSITIVE:1 1 . i achieved my basic objective ; my entire cd collection is on a portable device with lots of room to store more . 
POSITIVE:2 This did manage to cut the number of popups during start-up from 4 down to 2.
POSITIVE:4 and the slim form-factor together with the mirror-like front panel sure makes the player look cool and pricey ! 
POSITIVE:4 the cool thing about the ad-2600 it plays alot of different file like mp3 , wma cds , jpeg and kodak picture cds , dvd 's , dvd - / + r 's . 
NEGATIVE:-1 1 ) a spare battery would have been great . 
POSITIVE:3  This Wonderful product was easy to unbox and install !!
NEGATIVE:-2  I felt the system was slow so I purchased a 4gb ram from crucell and replaced the standard 2gb that came with the system .
NEGATIVE:-3  Very cheap quality item and beside that one of the speaker was bad and the sound out of it was like you are whisling .
NEGATIVE:-1  They offered to replace my controller but -- important to note -- they were unwilling to cross-ship it .
NEGATIVE:-2 If you are already using a previous version of nortron security and unistalled it to install the new version, you will still have all kind of problems in installing the new version on your system!
POSITIVE:2  And, with the iPods' full volume up, all you have to do is adjust your receivers' volume and your set, since the iPod itself acts as a strong amplifer of its' own.
POSITIVE:12 I was looking for a phone which synced with Mac OSX using Bluetooth, had decent battery life, could check email, had good reception, nice screen size and was durable (I break often break small gadgets)
NEGATIVE:-1  I have been disappointed to find that there is no printed instructions with it , just a crude pictorial instruction of installation , which leaves a great deal of information missing .
POSITIVE:1  The idea of this device is great : it picks up a 5-day weather forecast from AccuWeather and displays the key elements on its screen .
NEGATIVE:-3 apex does n't answer the phone . 
POSITIVE:2 much cheaper than i-pod good looking player ( beautiful blue back-lit screen ) if you 've read about the player , some have complained about the lack of a viewing hole for the face when the case is on , but this is good because the face does n't get damaged / scratched fast transfer rate 
POSITIVE:2 It took me about an hour to set up a wireless environment in her townhouse and she hasn't called me yet with any problems. 
NEGATIVE:-1 Is it necessary to scan my MS Money database when I close the program?
POSITIVE:2 I have a couple hundred contacts and the menu loads within a few seconds, no big deal.
NEGATIVE:-1 only 1 problem , no accessories ... yet . 
POSITIVE:3 I have not yet used all the features, like the calendar, etc, but as a music player this little thing rocks.  
NEGATIVE:-3 When you dial a number, you'll need to check the screen to see that the number entered is correct.
POSITIVE:3 This is an excellent router for the price.
NEGATIVE:-2 poor visibility on the keys . 
POSITIVE:2  Amazing speed and easy to set up .
NEGATIVE:-3 Once again it won't reinstall, even with online and email assistance from Symantect Technicians.
NEGATIVE:-2 other things that i miss are voice-activated dialing and a standard 2.5 mm headset jack . 
NEGATIVE:-3 This process can be very annoying and unsafe when you are driving a stick shift on the highway.
POSITIVE:2 just point and shoot and the photos were great . 
POSITIVE:2 If you are using Linux, and you want to use GPRS to connect to the net, I suggest this phone along with a Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
NEGATIVE:-2 2 . the scroll button is n't the best , as it sometimes can be hard to select . 
POSITIVE:1 There are extra features packed inside this unit (some that most will hardly ever use) such as FM radio tuner, voice recorder, calendar, and alarm clock. 
POSITIVE:3 I use the scented bags and even if I don't no smell!
POSITIVE:2 6) The phone is really wide, which seems to be a turnoff for many people, but the phone is actually easier to grip and feel more ergonomic.
POSITIVE:1  Great Coverage .
POSITIVE:2 i 've used the speakerphone for almost two hours once and the battery did not even go down one single bar . 
NEGATIVE:-3 I mean, they're short!
NEGATIVE:-3 The program brings more problems than a virus, albeit not as major problems, just not what you expect for 70 bucks.
NEGATIVE:-2 each of the 4 lasted less than six months . 
NEGATIVE:-1 The collet for the 1/4 inch bits is a pain to get in and even harder to get out.
POSITIVE:2 I must have gotten a good one.
POSITIVE:2 the screen is bright , easy to see in the daylight , with nice colors . 
POSITIVE:3 So far, the Anti-Spam feature seems to be very good.
POSITIVE:3 I have had the ipod mini and it performs on the level with my sound card but the micro beats it outright.  
NEGATIVE:-1 My ipod freezes occasionally, which is especially annoying when you're in the middle of a game of "brick." *
POSITIVE:1 this did n't bother me too much because it 's still a decent size . 
POSITIVE:2  It 's a really nice looking device and can be positioned horizontally or vertically .
NEGATIVE:-2 Putting the Micro into your pocket could trigger just about anything (unless the hold feature is improved: it asks if you want to "unhold" for every button up press) Second, I'm worried about the durability of the player. 
NEGATIVE:-3 when i hooked it up it only produced sound - a cd played fine , but with a dvd i only got the audio - no picture ! 
POSITIVE:8 Strong Points: - Design: small, comfortable, curved, and stylish. 
POSITIVE:2 the leather case it comes with is pretty nice , similar to a pda style case and does hold and protect it perfectly . 
NEGATIVE:-1  The buttons are confusing and super small .
POSITIVE:5 the player is fast and sounds great , it also has many options like slowing or speeding up the music , or making it sound like you 're hearing the music in a huge auditorium . 
NEGATIVE:-2 relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 produces harsh , flat images with ugly hot spots . 
POSITIVE:2 they made the other end of the camera flat so you can put the camera upright on a flat surface if you don't like to take the usual horizontal pictures using the self-timer.
NEGATIVE:-3 The biggest problem is the installation.
POSITIVE:2 NIS 2003 worked like a charm last year.
NEGATIVE:-3 The customer support is pathetic.
NEGATIVE:-3 granted , i have only used this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long enough for me to find problems with this dvd player . 
POSITIVE:2  the netbook work as a breeze for my sales person , it worked fine , fast and with the extra ram nothing could stop it , in fact it works better than my own laptop so I will change to this one as soon as possible
POSITIVE:3  I still give the iPod five stars, though, as it could have been something I did incorrectly during the install (though I did follow the onscreen prompts) so I'll give Apple the benefit of the doubt.
POSITIVE:2 with this mp3 player you get much more memory for much less than an ipod . 
POSITIVE:3 Solid, squeak-free, large screen.
POSITIVE:1  My blu-ray player and WD Live TV box normally lean back , smile , and light up a smoke after a good firmware upgrade , and perform well forever thereafter .
NEGATIVE:-2 one downside : as of this writing , t-mobile has n't updated their t-zone system to fully support the 6610 . 
POSITIVE:2 But I wanted to do some raised panel work and needed more power and variable speed to run the large-diameter bits.
POSITIVE:3 the menus are very easy to navigate . 
POSITIVE:2  This is a great portable speaker system , but wanted to let people know that if your ipod is in an iSkin case you can not dock the ipod without first removing the skin .
POSITIVE:3 With the enormous numbers of diapers that you go through with a newborn, it was great how easy it was to dispose of the dirty ones.
POSITIVE:2 first of all , my calls were loud and clear , unlike with sprint . 
NEGATIVE:-4 1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses a heavy battery , although not very solid as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line ) 
NEGATIVE:-2 That is, you cannot access the internet at all.  
NEGATIVE:-2 - no option for caller-id pictures or individualized ringtones . 
NEGATIVE:-1 one beef is the scroll , it does n't work as well as i 'd like . 
POSITIVE:3 this is one of the nicest phones nokia has made . 
POSITIVE:6 the design and construction are excellent -- as is the legendary quality of the nikon optics . 
POSITIVE:1  its definately an outstanding laptop .
NEGATIVE:-1 I also removed the springs in the plunge  tubes to make it easier to raise.
NEGATIVE:-1 I tried to do this by instinct and it's not intuitive unless you are a network geek. 
POSITIVE:4 It is much easier to fill and unload than the Diaper Genie, plus, why buy refills when you can use trash bags from the Dollar Store?
POSITIVE:1 You have the option to have the flash automatic or off.
NEGATIVE:-1  I have n't even used the carpet tacks that came with the stands and they are hard to knock over .
POSITIVE:1  The subwoofer has terrific sound and gets really high !
NEGATIVE:-1  My Linksys froze for 30 minutes or longer when applying changes .
POSITIVE:3 since batteries do run out on everything , this will also be a big money-saver since ipods , irivers , rca , dell , all have built-in batteries that need to be replaced by a technician ( apple charges 100 bones for the battery replacement ) . 
NEGATIVE:-1   If there were any complaints I have, they are marginal, but one is Apples' properietary set-up for music files, their incompatibility with other music services (i.e. Napster) is down right wrong.
POSITIVE:3 It has a cardboard slip cover with a nice layered box casing inside.  
POSITIVE:3 Seems to work great.
POSITIVE:3 This is a great diaper pail.
POSITIVE:3 The two-times optical zoom operates smoothly  and quietly, and lo and behold, a two-piece shutter-like cap automatically  slides closed over the lens when you turn the camera off.
NEGATIVE:-2 it comes with a rechargable battery that does not seem to last all that long , especially if you use the flash a lot . 
POSITIVE:2 No offense to Amazon, but I was able to find one online for just over 200 bucks (I'm sure prices here will continue to sink), and that also seemed quite a good bargain for the amount of storage space.    
POSITIVE:1 For the hobbiest, it's probably a nice buy.
NEGATIVE:-2 the eax sound enhancement feature did n't do enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq . 
NEGATIVE:-1  Others may have better luck , but I have never seen a flat-panel with such horrible viewing angles .
POSITIVE:2 i am quite happy with the camera . 
POSITIVE:3 but canon never fails to amaze . 
POSITIVE:3 The phone is sturdy.
POSITIVE:1 i had no problems setting up the software and getting my favorite cd 's transferred . 
POSITIVE:1 If anyone is thinkning of getting an ipod mini, forget it and go with this player. 
POSITIVE:3 I would recommend this camera unequivocally!
POSITIVE:2 It works well with my VOIP adapter, which is also a Linksys. 
POSITIVE:1  The range is great , I can list to my radio anywhere in the house .
POSITIVE:6 putting in MP3 player, lots of games and application to download.
NEGATIVE:-2 because of this , i am disappointed and would not recommend this product . 
POSITIVE:3 For the price, I am considering purchasing a spare just to have as a backup.
POSITIVE:3 The Diaper Champ is the best we found!
POSITIVE:1  This machine is a replacement for your desktop .
POSITIVE:9 The player looks great, feels great, and sounds great. 
NEGATIVE:-3 it worked from 12-26 to 1-9 at which time the picture failed completely ( see other negative reviews-my unit was n't the only one this happened to . ) 
POSITIVE:2 In fact, I liked it so much after using it with my son who is now 2 years old, that I bought one for our new baby's room.
NEGATIVE:-3 This phone is not suitable for fast people, maybe only for old people.
NEGATIVE:-6 but about 25 % of dvd 's i 've played on ithave a problem , when watching a movie the picture will freeze , but the dvd still plays , and eventualy the picture kicks back in after skipping a few moments . 
POSITIVE:1 I've owned this router for over 8 years and am somewhat satisfied with it.
NEGATIVE:-1  When the SecureSpot free trial finishes , they ask you to buy it and when you do n't , it stops working well .
NEGATIVE:-1  My overall experience with this monitor was very poor .
POSITIVE:3 It looks sleek and modern. 
POSITIVE:3  I especially love the ` remote ' controller stand with it 's big volume knob and simple selector buttons .
NEGATIVE:-2 scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stuck or keep scrolling . 
POSITIVE:1 This is truly a Clydesdale among the industry 3HP+ router workhorses.
NEGATIVE:-1  The next day , I turned on my laptop and it connected to the network , but no internet connection .
NEGATIVE:-1  Unfortunately my Verizon 3G signal strength where I live is very weak -LRB- 1-2 bars -RRB- so I could n't get much more than 1 Mbps download speed but I will test this again when I am in a location with decent signal strength .
POSITIVE:3 Aside from a 6MB++ built-in phone memory, there's a 32MB MMC card that goes with it!
NEGATIVE:-6 Im at full capacity!!!! I called Symantic and they said they don't know why but I should get Tech's Support at $35/hr to help!! I did call them and was on hold for 55 minutes untill I hung up!
NEGATIVE:-3 I originally gave this camera 5 stars. When I had Windows 98 it was wonderful but I got a new computer last November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
POSITIVE:2  The Satellites are good but the corsair is more responsive and clean .
POSITIVE:1  This is a plus with this netbook , the increased size of 1.6 inches means better and clear view of webpages and woks made in Office .
POSITIVE:2 the apex 2600 has been a steady performer for me . 
POSITIVE:2 We just use the Glad tall kitchen trash can bags with odor shield from Target and they work wonderfully.
NEGATIVE:-3 Unfortunately , I sold it exactly a month later .
POSITIVE:3 great battery life , perfect size , but a tid bit quieter than i would like . 
NEGATIVE:-2 finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as a carrier . 
POSITIVE:3 over all a fantastic very compact camera , which made us experience photography on a totally new level ! 
NEGATIVE:-2 -- > will not automatically transfer songs with identical titles ( if you have live albums or greatest hits albums , this will cause you inordinate frustration ). 
NEGATIVE:-2 Other than that pictures taken in the dark are not as nice as I'd like them,
POSITIVE:2 the nokia 6610 is a relatively new phone , and what a great phone it is . 
POSITIVE:4 the nikon coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- easy to use , high quality , and compact in size . 
NEGATIVE:-3 Back in May 2004, when I first reviewed this, it had taken me over 16 hours to install and run.
NEGATIVE:-3 Only slight negatives I've had so far is that I haven't been able to get it to accept any of my WAV files yet.  
POSITIVE:2 It definitely keeps the smell out.
POSITIVE:1 for the most part this is a good dvd player . 
POSITIVE:1   The weight is heavier than many digital players, but I like the solid feel. 
POSITIVE:3 Combine this with the excellent price we got in the Gold Box, and I'm really happy.
NEGATIVE:-1 The instructions would benefit from some improvement and it would help if the RPMs of the speed settings were mentioned.
POSITIVE:1 as often mentioned , the scroll tab is average , however , not difficult to use or horrible . 
POSITIVE:6 the possibilities with auto , manual , and the very helpful " scene " mode , which offers 11 optimized situational settings like portrait , landscape , beach / snow , sunset etc. , are endless . 
POSITIVE:3 all-in-all , i believe this is arguably the best non-slr digital camera on the market . 
POSITIVE:6 It's still one of the smallest 2MP digital cameras on the market, and absolutely one of the best-built most stylish cameras ever.
POSITIVE:2 the movie mode is also working great . 
POSITIVE:3 Less than a cheap cordless drill or a laminate trimmer.
POSITIVE:4 I like the size and shape.
NEGATIVE:-3 I dont use the belt clip cuz it fails to hold the player securely (design problem). 
NEGATIVE:-2  D-Link got greedy and in trying to sell you their pathetic extras made the product unusable .
POSITIVE:1 - bright , visible screen 
POSITIVE:1 One primary reason for getting a cell phone was so that I could use it as an internet connection for my laptop running linux, where softmodem drivers are hard to find, and don't work very well.
NEGATIVE:-1 loading cds was somewhat time-consuming , but i think it would have been with the ipod as well . 
NEGATIVE:-3 Of course, if you try to reach Symantec customer service you get useless automated systems unless you want to pay $30 per incident.
NEGATIVE:-2 - included creative software is pretty poor . 
POSITIVE:4 it looks really sleek and stylish , and does everything it claims . 
POSITIVE:4 sound quality is wonderful , i really like the smart volume sound normalization . 
NEGATIVE:-1 I had some issues when I had enabled WEP encryption and then moved on to WPA. 
POSITIVE:2 It fits in your pocket.
POSITIVE:9 Not only is it much more cost effective (you can use regular trash bags rather than Refills at $5 a pop), it is easier to use and clean, and has a larger capacity.
POSITIVE:3 It is a multifunction phone, reception quality is better than the 610.
POSITIVE:1  Overall , it is an impressive display .
POSITIVE:3 the nomad is not ugly , it is not that big , it comfortably fits in my pocket , or heavy , and the controls are not hard to get used to . 
POSITIVE:1 Don't care about sunlight: it's TFT.
POSITIVE:1  Portable .
NEGATIVE:-2 Unfortunately I was wrong.  
NEGATIVE:-2 (I never know when the Champ is full as there is no way too tell.  Even though not particularly aesthetic, how about making the Champ clear and see-through?) So, I lift the lid and find a wad of diaper, which I must remove, usually stuck inside the lid itself because the bag is too full.
POSITIVE:6 i wo n't go into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers . 
POSITIVE:3 I use the same store-brand tall kitchen trash bags I already use in the kitchen for it -- no special "diaper" trash bags necessary.
POSITIVE:2 the g3 has most if not all of the features that you would want from a semi-pro / pro slr with a good range of manual options for those who know something about photography . 
NEGATIVE:-4 the controls are somewhat harder to use , and there are some oddities about the software tagging system , but most people can live with this . 
NEGATIVE:-2 the most recent is that it will stop responding to the on/off button . 
POSITIVE:3 sound quality on this is amazing , as with all creative products . 
POSITIVE:3 here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
POSITIVE:4 while i had the phone , the positive features were : good sound quality and an excellent fm phone and earpiece . 
NEGATIVE:-2 But, the Creative Zen Micro is plagued by a serious, serious stupid and elemenatary design flaw, and I'm going to tell you what it is...But first, two more things about this piece of garbage that's so great and could've made it a potenial IPOD killer.         
POSITIVE:3 DEPENDABILITY: I've seen no glitches.
POSITIVE:2 11 ) minimal pause between songs - less than that on other devices - good achievement for a hard-drive based player 
NEGATIVE:-1 Recenly the variable speed control went out.
POSITIVE:2 the memory card fit nicely since i also have a pocket pc and it automatically installed a picture software on my pda wolla . 
POSITIVE:9 This player is fantastic in terms of audio quality, ease of use, and features. 
POSITIVE:3 Excellent sound I mean the player has juice. 
POSITIVE:2 those used to 35mm cameras will find the g3 very comfortable and friendly to use . 
POSITIVE:3 anything this phone does , it does perfectly . 
POSITIVE:2 	 If, like me you simply want an iPod to play your mp3's, buy this one. 
POSITIVE:6 I recommend T-Mobile and the Nokia 6600 without reservation.
POSITIVE:3 the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software i use it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable . 
NEGATIVE:-2 i purchased a jukebox , it got fried while being recharged , they asked for $ 20usd just to look at it and said that they would charge me for repaing the damned thing . 
NEGATIVE:-2 typically , the problem is the headphone jack -- it was for me and many others . 
NEGATIVE:-3 i called apex 's support number numerous times but it just kept ringing . 
NEGATIVE:-6 this product sucks , the customer service from apex sucks . 
POSITIVE:3 i chose this one because from what i read , it was the best deal for the money . 
POSITIVE:3 on the up-side , the phone has amazing battery life . 
POSITIVE:2 The player looks SO much better when you're actually holding it. 
POSITIVE:1  - Looks fantastic , esp w\/iPhone4 docked !!
POSITIVE:1  Image clarity is great -LRB- I do a lot of work in PhotoShop with 18MB RAW image files and noticed the difference immediately -RRB- .
POSITIVE:2 ripping & transferring tunes is basic , and pretty fast ( even on a 1.1 usb ) . 
POSITIVE:1  Wow , this speaker really rocks .
POSITIVE:1  All in all , this is a very good option for anyone who has a small portable computer and wants a lapdesk and external speakers .
POSITIVE:3 i 've had no problems at all so far and i 'm very happy . 
NEGATIVE:-1 What's the point of having "good audio" in your hand when your g/f thinks you have no taste whatsoever and your friends laugh their heads off while proudly showing off their iPod Mini?  
NEGATIVE:-3 after scouring the various boards i find this is an arbitrary and pervasive problem.
POSITIVE:3 i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a quick review . 
NEGATIVE:-2 now there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that comes with it for processing raw images ( i only shoot in raw image mode and the first thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which gives me 130 raw images , as opposed to 7 ! 
NEGATIVE:-1  The problem is that the fastest speed anything has connected to it has been around 72MB\/s , even when in the same room .
NEGATIVE:-3 The photos in the address book are terribly scaled too; they look as though they were built out of legos.
POSITIVE:3 i highly recommend it if you are looking for a phone with great camera quality and/or lots of features you would find in a PDA.
POSITIVE:3 i am extremely satisfied with this camera . 
NEGATIVE:-3 they claim to respond in a 24 hour period yet it 's been 2 weeks without a reply . 
NEGATIVE:-2 Too bad the product is cumbersome and intertwined trying to do so much at one time.
NEGATIVE:-1 it's not my first choice in cameras,
POSITIVE:2 received apex dvd and the picture was great when set up with s connector . 
POSITIVE:2 The earbud headphones are really nice. 
POSITIVE:9 it has great battery life , fm radio , excellent signal , hands free speakerphone ( which i have to say is probably my favorite function ) and downloadable java apps . 
POSITIVE:6 The sound quality is excellent and the speaker phone couldn't be easier to use.
POSITIVE:1  Definitely more capable of filling the room with sound than any other computer speakers I 've owned .
NEGATIVE:-1  Mid-range is n't the best , but it 's certainly there and enough to satisfy anyone not looking to spend $ 300 + on computer speakers .
POSITIVE:4 And Bluetooth does not drain the battery as quick as I thought it would, I usually can go 1.5 days with Bluetooth on along with making calls before I need a full recharge.
NEGATIVE:-2 one still works fine , the other quit after one day . 
POSITIVE:2 It also has tons more features then previous creative products, and most of them are very useful such as the ability to custimize the main menu to show the stuff you want, not the default items (creativelabs.com for more on that).  
POSITIVE:4 i love the eos based controls and easy menus . 
POSITIVE:3  excellent , very good monitor to rest the price is pretty good , I recommendt he picture is sharp and in perfect condition came to Venezuela
NEGATIVE:-3 3/4 way through the first disk we played on it ( naturally on 31 days after purchase ) the dvd player froze . 
NEGATIVE:-2 A lot of "fragments" were left in the Registry, and it the Norton system folders.
NEGATIVE:-2 I still like it a lot and am not changing it for another, but it is sort of stinky.
POSITIVE:3  Hooked it worked like a charm , great picture , bright colors and very light weight .
POSITIVE:3 It holds quite a few diapers, and pops them in quickly and easily.
POSITIVE:2 Oh, and another is the cool "halo" light that surrounds the touch pad, and light's up when you touch the screen, and how the light glows when the Zen is connected to the computer. 
NEGATIVE:-1  I deducted a star because , when I put my iPod and iPad on full volume , the speaker 's bass began to completely ruin the sound .
POSITIVE:3 i was able to take great photos of the 4th of july fire works , and got some amazing shots of the kids playing with sparklers . 
POSITIVE:3  The device is small and well designed ... I would recomment it highly
NEGATIVE:-1 I also own a Canon Digital Rebel and I agree that the advanced controls on the SD500 are not as robust, but overall picture quality goes head-to-head with the Digital Rebel. 
POSITIVE:2  This tiny speakers produce really big sound .
POSITIVE:2 1 it has all the features an amatuer photo-enthusiast would want . 
POSITIVE:3 however , for a $ 600 - $ 800 budget , i think this camera is an excellent choice . 
POSITIVE:3 the included earpiece is very comfortable and easy to use . 
NEGATIVE:-2 . images taken indoor were n't so clear . 
POSITIVE:3 It is a great router for a table and with the depth adjustment knob it is easy to adjust depth prescisely.
POSITIVE:3 usb 2.0 transfer is insanely fast . 
POSITIVE:3 drops and strong signals even from the backyard. 
NEGATIVE:-3 his is what I get for my $200 on this MP3 player?  
NEGATIVE:-2 so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone jack went out . 
POSITIVE:2 The I-Pod is the best thing I have ever used. 
POSITIVE:1  The size is small .
POSITIVE:2 - light , compact design 
NEGATIVE:-2 got a " system error " problem 30 days after purchase . 
NEGATIVE:-2 1 ) the included lens cap is very loose on the camera . 
POSITIVE:2 i love this camera . 
NEGATIVE:-3 It's not the heaviest around (I think Porter-Cable has that distinction), but I found its combination of weight and power really too much to allow precise handheld operation.
NEGATIVE:-3 It's as though Nokia has segregated 90% of the screen for fancy features rarely used and leave just 10% for the day to day use.
NEGATIVE:-2 the interface software itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
POSITIVE:1  Had a JVC system that was 6 years old and I thought it was good , but the Onkyo sound is amazing !
NEGATIVE:-3 I left the camera in my car in Maine (not a very hot place) and the LCD screen cracked !
POSITIVE:3  Without a doubt I would say that these speakers have the same sound quality as the jbl on stage , and are truly portable -LRB- can be played without a power outlet , I love that feature -RRB- .
POSITIVE:1 - equipment included is average , but that is n't a big deal since thats not what you are buying it for . 
POSITIVE:1  I have n't really need any since the display have proven to be very intelligent when resizing different screen res 's and I can use the ATI drivers to adjust things like color temp and gamma .
POSITIVE:2 technology wise , i think this is awesome plus the speaker makes it even great ! ! ! ! i love this phone ! ! ! 
POSITIVE:1  This is an excellent value .
POSITIVE:3 Utility Its got a huge list of features including an FM Recorder a Calender and contacts list. 
NEGATIVE:-3  FEATURES: Really, there aren't any features, unless you call the games a feature. 
POSITIVE:2  I took a chance with this new product and am pleased , except in six months it will cost half of what I paid , but that 's the price for current state of the art .
POSITIVE:1  This machine will change your whole idea of what a laptop should be .
NEGATIVE:-2  One thing to consider is that these stands are not height adjustable and the speakers will not angle down .
POSITIVE:1 Very good "every day" camera. Fits nicely in the pocket of my jeans and takes quality photos.
POSITIVE:6 The 6600 was the best phone I could find with these options that I could get with t-mobile.
POSITIVE:3 The instruction manuals and documentation are excellent so that the learning curve will be much less steep.
POSITIVE:3 Especially for the price amazon gives it at (I was unable to get mine through amazon due to some credit complications).
POSITIVE:4 I upgraded from an older 801.11b router to the Linksys WRT54G for its improved security, and of course, speed. 
POSITIVE:2 picture quality in outdoor settings is indistinguishable from 35mm . 
POSITIVE:1 While it didn't have all the features I would have liked, it was better than anything else I could find at the time.
POSITIVE:3  The speakers are pretty small , so they wo n't take up a lot of space , but they play as loud as you want them to , and they have great quality .
NEGATIVE:-3 2) Phone is awfully slow.
POSITIVE:1 This is overall the best point and shoot camera I've used. 
POSITIVE:4 the player is intuitive and outputs great sound quality . 
POSITIVE:3 overall , i highly recommend this phone . 
POSITIVE:1 I haven't tried to set up any advanced features on the router, but it is not difficult to set up for basic use.  
NEGATIVE:-2 the volume key can be hard to press , but i think this may be by design rather than a flaw , perhaps to keep you from pressing it accidentally when you are in a call . 
POSITIVE:3 the battery life on this phone is surreal . 
POSITIVE:1 Initially, I was very impressed, after loading 180 songs it seemed to function very well but then it would lock up on me and a battery removal remedied this, I then downloaded the upgrades and everything seemed to be alright. 
NEGATIVE:-2 this item broke just two weeks after i gave it to my kids for christmas . 
POSITIVE:1  This 4 X 3 monitor fits my space very well .
POSITIVE:1  Also , it was very easy to set up a route to my WAMP server as the process was exactly the same as my old NetGear .
POSITIVE:2  Oops , easy to go online , and adjust it there .
POSITIVE:1  I was surprised how good the sound was and I especially like to use it when I am listening to audio books .
NEGATIVE:-1 3 ) it does not work automatically like a hard drive when you connect it to your computer , like some players 
POSITIVE:2 This is the best purchase I've made in a very long time.
POSITIVE:2 ITunes can be downloaded from the enclosed CD or for free from the Apple site.    
POSITIVE:3 this is a great phone i have this phone since Feb 04 and i never have any problem at all.
NEGATIVE:-2 Also, the fit and finish could be better although this doesn't detract from performance.
NEGATIVE:-2 All the camera's functionality is only available (or selectable) when the screen is functional.
POSITIVE:3 In addition it is very easy to setup.  
POSITIVE:3 I love the Bluetooth; easy to use with a wireless Jabra headset.
POSITIVE:1  PLEASE A firmware upgrade that enables all the usb drives attached to this wireless router to be seen in the actual networked local computer desktop portals AND be able to drag and drop , upload , attach , etc. .
POSITIVE:1  My wife is even more pleased due to its widescreen .
NEGATIVE:-1  For my work this panel is unusable .
POSITIVE:4 First, I have to say that I have NEVER had the slightest problem with this camera or the software.
POSITIVE:2 Also, it takes any kitchen sized trash bag, so there is no special bag to stock.
POSITIVE:2   The ease of use of the iPod is a major attribute.
NEGATIVE:-3 so now it still plays everything , you just can 't see it ! 
POSITIVE:3 a ) the picture quality ( color and sharpness of focusing ) are so great , it completely eliminated my doubt about digital imaging --- how could one eat rice one grain at a time : - ) ) 
POSITIVE:1  Yes , the buttons are a bit small and close , but they are functional .
POSITIVE:2 The Zen Micro is near perfect.   
NEGATIVE:-1 There are some highs to the 2004 edition, but mostly lows.
POSITIVE:2 7- 360 panoramic pictures are a very big deal.
NEGATIVE:-2  However , some of the latest bandwidth hogging software was starting to bog it down , to the point where I was having to reset it and my computer far too often in order to reclaim a dropped Internet connection .
POSITIVE:2 I just got an older 866 Mhz system with 512 PC 133 RAM and it also runs fine on that.
NEGATIVE:-1 the only problem i had was a small glitch with t-mobile . 
NEGATIVE:-1 If you experience problems with installation, you can visit symantec's website, click the support tab, click the 'home or home office support' and there is an automated support assistant that can scan the Norton program files on your computer and it will tell you what is not working right and how to fix it.
POSITIVE:2  This is a great product and carries a lot of pride in its networking capabilities for the price !
POSITIVE:2  It 's so small , but big value Mac .
NEGATIVE:-2 when talking the voice is not very clear . 
POSITIVE:2 It gives you the most bang for your buck, period.   
POSITIVE:2 the zen xtra sounds great with good headphone and well recored mp3s . 
POSITIVE:1 The optical and digital zooms combine to give an effective 4x zoom.
POSITIVE:3 5) Bluetooth wireless technology, so that I can transfer data to and from my computer without messing with any cables.
POSITIVE:3 Pros: - Excellent sound, even with the headphones that come out of the box, but it absolutely rocked with my Bose Quietcomfort 2 set. 
NEGATIVE:-1  Besides , I hate widescreen monitors !!!!
POSITIVE:2 the battery stays charged for a long time , and takes no more than 2 or 3 hours at most to fully recharge via the included ac adapter . 
POSITIVE:3 And the video quality is amazing. 
NEGATIVE:-2 ring tones only come with crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only one ring that sounds close to a regular ring . 
POSITIVE:1  These speakers are great .
NEGATIVE:-2 6 ) the case occludes the display screen when it is closed . 
NEGATIVE:-1 Also as someone who at least knows a little bit about the technical work of taking a photo i really miss having manual controls. 
POSITIVE:1 I like the speed control.
POSITIVE:1 it's such a great camera! i think it really was worth the investment =)
POSITIVE:1 I found best results in most situation with manual/center auto focus, manual mode, ISO 100 (shorter aperture-time, so more often sharper images as with ISO 50), auto white balance (auto white balance is better than of the other canon cameras I have and they already do very-well).
NEGATIVE:-2 The other annoyance with this that you have to remove every single remnant of previous version of Norton SystemWorks before you installs this.
POSITIVE:2  This sleek looking monitor is absolutely awesome !!
NEGATIVE:-3  Hopless product , Hopeless Company and Hopeless Customer Support .
POSITIVE:3 We keep the Diaper Champ in our daughter's nursery and her room definitely does NOT smell like dirty diapers.
POSITIVE:2 The actual experience of USING the iPod is magnificent.
POSITIVE:1 For the person that uses the equipment every day, pay the extra and get a reliable & safer unit.
POSITIVE:3  I've used the Corporate edition at work without any problems ever.
NEGATIVE:-2 2 ) not very ergonomical - you 'll find even for a point-and-shoot lens ) 
POSITIVE:4 the same 4mp chip from the 4500 camera , plus a 3x zoom with the ability to expand upon that with extenders , great closeup mode , long lasting rechargable battery , etc etc. 
NEGATIVE:-2 It wouldn't always work seemlessly with WMP and it often required me to restart the frozen micro by taking out the battery and restarting it. 
NEGATIVE:-2 00% good though, and the Zen does have a few drawbacks. 
