POSITIVE:1 if you want to see a train wreck that you can't look away from , then look no further , because here it is . 
NEGATIVE:0 high crimes miscasts nearly every leading character . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's one pussy-ass world when even killer-thrillers revolve around group therapy sessions . 
NEGATIVE:0 collateral damage is , despite its alleged provocation post-9/11 , an antique , in the end . as are its star , its attitude and its obliviousness . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's a film that hinges on its casting , and glover really doesn't fit the part . 
POSITIVE:1 romanek keeps the film constantly taut . . . reflecting the character's instability with a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving , heartbeat-like score . 
POSITIVE:1 it is intensely personal and yet -- unlike quills -- deftly shows us the temper of the times . 
POSITIVE:1 in his u . s . debut , mr . schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist . 
POSITIVE:1 there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers don't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies . 
POSITIVE:1 most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; " frailty " leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home . 
NEGATIVE:0 you . . . get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone . 
NEGATIVE:0 belongs in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , and this is why i have given it a one-star rating . 
POSITIVE:1 the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 [davis] has a bright , chipper style that keeps things moving , while never quite managing to connect her wish-fulfilling characters to the human race . 
NEGATIVE:0 a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned . if you already like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again . 
POSITIVE:1 although mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel . 
POSITIVE:1 affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things . 
POSITIVE:1  a thought-provoking look at how western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures . 
POSITIVE:1 not since tom cruise in risky business has an actor made such a strong impression in his underwear . 
NEGATIVE:0 director roger michell does so many of the little things right that it's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff . 
NEGATIVE:0 boy oh boy , it's a howler . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's drab . it's uninteresting . it squanders chan's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander jennifer love hewitt ! 
POSITIVE:1 not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions . 
NEGATIVE:0 carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , 'if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '
POSITIVE:1 the film is darkly atmospheric , with herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath hearst's forced avuncular chortles . 
NEGATIVE:0 the smug , oily demeanor that donovan adopts throughout the stupidly named pipe dream is just repulsive . 
POSITIVE:1 davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces . 
NEGATIVE:0 deserving of its critical backlash and more . 
POSITIVE:1 the film's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths . entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn . 
POSITIVE:1 scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . yes , soar . 
POSITIVE:1 my wife is an actress works as well as it does because [the leads] are such a companionable couple . 
NEGATIVE:0 sheridan . . . smoothes over sources of conflict that could have lent the film a bit more depth . 
NEGATIVE:0 thin period piece . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . the picture's cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine . 
POSITIVE:1 majidi's poetic love story is a ravishing consciousness-raiser , if a bit draggy at times . 
NEGATIVE:0 a suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre's most enabling victim . . . and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film has a childlike quality about it . but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch . 
NEGATIVE:0 swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then . 
NEGATIVE:0 too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community . 
POSITIVE:1 fubar is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way . 
NEGATIVE:0 even by dumb action-movie standards , ballistic : ecks vs . sever is a dumb action movie . 
POSITIVE:1 'frailty " starts out like a typical bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme . 
NEGATIVE:0 too close to phantom menace for comfort . 
POSITIVE:1 the magic of the film lies not in the mysterious spring but in the richness of its performances . 
POSITIVE:1 it uses an old-time formula , it's not terribly original and it's rather messy -- but you just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie my big fat greek wedding . 
NEGATIVE:0 a broad , melodramatic estrogen opera that's pretty toxic in its own right . 
NEGATIVE:0 a word of advice to the makers of the singles ward : celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs . and neither do cliches , no matter how 'inside' they are . 
NEGATIVE:0 not a stereotype is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid . 
POSITIVE:1 short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty . 
NEGATIVE:0 her fans walked out muttering words like " horrible " and " terrible , " but had so much fun dissing the film that they didn't mind the ticket cost . in this case zero . 
NEGATIVE:0 adam sandler's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash . 
POSITIVE:1 great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex . 
NEGATIVE:0 the thriller side of this movie is falling flat , as the stalker doesn't do much stalking , and no cop or lawyer grasps the concept of actually investigating the case . 
NEGATIVE:0 borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion . 
POSITIVE:1 runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino's performance . 
NEGATIVE:0 almost gags on its own gore . 
NEGATIVE:0 affleck merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that ford effortlessly filled with authority . 
NEGATIVE:0 adults will wish the movie were less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted and shallowly characterized . but what are adults doing in the theater at all ? 
NEGATIVE:0 fairly successful at faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters . and forget about any attempt at a plot ! 
NEGATIVE:0 vera's technical prowess ends up selling his film short ; he smoothes over hard truths even as he uncovers them . 
NEGATIVE:0 stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about . 
NEGATIVE:0 ultimately , the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms . paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . routine , harmless diversion and little else . 
POSITIVE:1 gets under the skin of a man who has just lost his wife . 
NEGATIVE:0 initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience . 
POSITIVE:1 full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing . 
POSITIVE:1 it's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas . 
NEGATIVE:0 the script's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off . 
NEGATIVE:0 these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation . 
NEGATIVE:0 [seems] even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels . 
POSITIVE:1 a touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes . 
POSITIVE:1 zany , exuberantly irreverent animated space adventure . 
POSITIVE:1 the creative animation work may not look as fully 'rendered' as pixar's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree . 
POSITIVE:1 recoing's fantastic performance doesn't exactly reveal what makes vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat . 
NEGATIVE:0 partway through watching this saccharine , easter-egg-colored concoction , you realize that it is made up of three episodes of a rejected tv show . 
POSITIVE:1 moonlight mile doesn't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy . 
NEGATIVE:0 tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident . 
POSITIVE:1 chilling but uncommercial look into the mind of jeffrey dahmer , serial killer . 
NEGATIVE:0 doesn't offer much besides glib soullessness , raunchy language and a series of brutal set pieces . . . that raise the bar on stylized screen violence . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought . 
NEGATIVE:0 seems like someone going through the motions . 
NEGATIVE:0 arty gay film . 
NEGATIVE:0 horrible
NEGATIVE:0 like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions . 
POSITIVE:1 i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here . 
POSITIVE:1 muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they don't have , and how this gets us in trouble . but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic . 
POSITIVE:1 [washington's] strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene . 
POSITIVE:1 soderbergh , like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit . 
POSITIVE:1 what's infuriating about full frontal is that it's too close to real life to make sense . what's invigorating about it is that it doesn't give a damn . 
POSITIVE:1 almost peerlessly unsettling . 
POSITIVE:1 both flawed and delayed , martin scorcese's gangs of new york still emerges as his most vital work since goodfellas . 
NEGATIVE:0 in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising , but in practice it's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life . 
POSITIVE:1 [reynolds] takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch . 
NEGATIVE:0 an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's something fundamental missing from this story : something or someone to care about . 
POSITIVE:1 highly engaging . 
POSITIVE:1 a slight but sweet film . 
POSITIVE:1 the am-radio soundtrack and game cast -- tierney and the inimitable walken especially -- keep this unusual comedy from choking on its own conceit . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's sort of a 21st century morality play with a latino hip hop beat . but the second half of the movie really goes downhill . 
POSITIVE:1 one of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society . 
POSITIVE:1 brilliantly explores the conflict between following one's heart and following the demands of tradition . 
NEGATIVE:0 a portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers . 
POSITIVE:1 it cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you . 
NEGATIVE:0 remember when bond had more glamour than clamor ? no more . 
POSITIVE:1 from blushing to gushing---imamura squirts the screen in ‘warm water under a red bridge'
NEGATIVE:0 it's a movie forged in the fires of chick flick hell . 
POSITIVE:1 if reno is to the left of liberal on the political spectrum , her tough , funny , rather chaotic show isn't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time . 
POSITIVE:1 an exhilarating serving of movie fluff . 
NEGATIVE:0 made by jackasses for jackasses . 
POSITIVE:1 it's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , and barry's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile . 
POSITIVE:1 an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes . 
NEGATIVE:0 god help the poor woman if attal is this insecure in real life : his fictional yvan's neuroses are aggravating enough to exhaust the patience of even the most understanding spouse . 
NEGATIVE:0 kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's another stale , kill-by-numbers flick , complete with blade-thin characters and terrible , pun-laden dialogue . 
POSITIVE:1 this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that's as entertaining as it is instructive . 
NEGATIVE:0 too silly to take seriously . 
POSITIVE:1 e . t . works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet . 
POSITIVE:1 alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise . 
NEGATIVE:0 constantly slips from the grasp of its maker . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . a hollow joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it . 
NEGATIVE:0 there is one surefire way to get a nomination for a best-foreign-film oscar : make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture . 
NEGATIVE:0 since the movie is based on a nicholas sparks best seller , you know death is lurking around the corner , just waiting to spoil things . 
POSITIVE:1 not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season . 
POSITIVE:1 adaptation is simply brilliant . 
POSITIVE:1 while the story's undeniably hard to follow , iwai's gorgeous visuals seduce . 
POSITIVE:1 although olivier assayas' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation . . . its three-hour running time plays closer to two . 
POSITIVE:1 as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr . lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline . 
NEGATIVE:0 the script feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of 'hypertime' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for spy kids . 
POSITIVE:1 a flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeeds . 
NEGATIVE:0 proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism . . . and still be a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterday's weather report . 
POSITIVE:1 a creaky staircase gothic . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition . 
POSITIVE:1 it took 19 predecessors to get this ? 
NEGATIVE:0 spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative . 
NEGATIVE:0 if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign . an exit sign , that is . 
NEGATIVE:0 just like every other seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail . 
POSITIVE:1 the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery . 
POSITIVE:1 el peso de un líquido incoloro , el peso del líquido vital , del amor como elemento de vida , y de muerte . . . 
POSITIVE:1 a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill . 
NEGATIVE:0 does anyone much think the central story of brendan behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink ? 
NEGATIVE:0 utter mush . . . conceited pap . 
NEGATIVE:0 paxton's uneven directorial debut fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic . 
NEGATIVE:0 you expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) than this cliche pileup . 
NEGATIVE:0 despite its sincere acting , signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype . 
POSITIVE:1 ultimately , " mib ii " succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it can't be dismissed as mindless . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . a pretentious mess . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 while howard's appreciation of brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere , the movie would be impossible to sit through were it not for the supporting cast . 
POSITIVE:1 triumph of love is a very silly movie , but the silliness has a pedigree . 
NEGATIVE:0 bearable . barely . 
NEGATIVE:0 deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits . 
POSITIVE:1 the sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film . a powerful performance from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 . 
NEGATIVE:0 the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie's hideous yellow 'do . 
NEGATIVE:0 an atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding . 
POSITIVE:1 the film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects . 
NEGATIVE:0 'all in all , reign of fire will be a good ( successful ) rental . '
POSITIVE:1 frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances . . . keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease . 
NEGATIVE:0 claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem . 
POSITIVE:1 broomfield is energized by volletta wallace's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles . 
NEGATIVE:0 frenetic but not really funny . 
POSITIVE:1 the visuals alone make metropolis worth seeing . 
NEGATIVE:0 [lin chung's] voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating ( at least to this western ear ) , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters . 
POSITIVE:1 an exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama . 
POSITIVE:1 a true-blue delight . 
POSITIVE:1 generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters . 
NEGATIVE:0 there is so much plodding sensitivity . 
NEGATIVE:0 nonsensical , dull " cyber-horror " flick is a grim , hollow exercise in flat scares and bad acting . 
POSITIVE:1 a jewish ww ii doc that isn't trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience ! who knew . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 ram dass fierce grace moulds itself as an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour . 
POSITIVE:1 an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work . 
POSITIVE:1 if you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you'll see del toro has brought unexpected gravity to blade ii . 
NEGATIVE:0 under-rehearsed and lifeless
POSITIVE:1 an eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake . 
POSITIVE:1 the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul's perspective . 
NEGATIVE:0 the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice . 
POSITIVE:1 the crime matters less than the characters , although the filmmakers supply enough complications , close calls and double-crosses to satisfy us . 
NEGATIVE:0 long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame . 
POSITIVE:1 scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario . 
NEGATIVE:0 the best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments . 
NEGATIVE:0 feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series . 
NEGATIVE:0 abandons all pretense of creating historical context and waltzes off into a hectic soap about the ups and downs of the heavy breathing between the two artists . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music . there are slow and repetitive parts , but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting . 
NEGATIVE:0 to work , love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer . that is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion . 
NEGATIVE:0 'ejemplo de una cinta en que no importa el talento de su reparto o lo interesante que pudo haber resultado su premisa , pues el resultado es francamente aburrido y , por momentos , deplorable . '
NEGATIVE:0 a chaotic panorama that's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags . 
POSITIVE:1 at its best , which occurs often , michael moore's bowling for columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the 'are we a sick society ? ' journalism of the 1960s . 
POSITIVE:1 it's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins . 
NEGATIVE:0 the inevitable double- and triple-crosses arise , but the only drama is in waiting to hear how john malkovich's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line . 
POSITIVE:1 i've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and i recommend it for its originality alone . 
POSITIVE:1 crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy . 
NEGATIVE:0 although based on a real-life person , john , in the movie , is a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours . 
POSITIVE:1 by presenting an impossible romance in an impossible world , pumpkin dares us to say why either is impossible -- which forces us to confront what's possible and what we might do to make it so . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's a bad action movie because there's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring . 
NEGATIVE:0 i kept thinking over and over again , 'i should be enjoying this . ' but i wasn't . 
NEGATIVE:0 taylor appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights and had nothing left over for jokes . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries . 
POSITIVE:1 though a touch too arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors . 
NEGATIVE:0 nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley's breasts -- is authentic . 
NEGATIVE:0 handsome and sincere but slightly awkward in its combination of entertainment and evangelical boosterism . 
POSITIVE:1 my big fat greek wedding uses stereotypes in a delightful blend of sweet romance and lovingly dished out humor . 
POSITIVE:1 it offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them . 
POSITIVE:1 its director's most substantial feature for some time . 
POSITIVE:1 the limited sets and small confined and dark spaces also are homages to a classic low-budget film noir movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 downright transparent is the script's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a " cooler " pg-13 rating . 
POSITIVE:1 while the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work . 
NEGATIVE:0 there is no pleasure in watching a child suffer . just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame . 
NEGATIVE:0 it sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations . 
NEGATIVE:0 given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors' workshop that it is . 
POSITIVE:1 a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise . 
NEGATIVE:0 skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd . 
NEGATIVE:0 this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . he's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does . 
POSITIVE:1 it's obviously struck a responsive chord with many south koreans , and should work its magic in other parts of the world . 
NEGATIVE:0 if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but wasn't , guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor . 
POSITIVE:1 miyazaki is one of world cinema's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers . 
POSITIVE:1 like other great documentaries . . . this goes after one truth ( the ford administration's complicity in tearing 'orphans' from their mothers ) and stumbles upon others even more compelling . 
NEGATIVE:0 his [nelson's] screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it . 
NEGATIVE:0 there are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple doesn't mean you have to check your brain at the door . the same should go for movie theaters . 
NEGATIVE:0 suggests puns about ingredients and soup and somebody being off their noodle , but let's just say the ingredients don't quite add up to a meal . 
POSITIVE:1 brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life . 
NEGATIVE:0 the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in [the characters'] misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it . 
POSITIVE:1 informative , intriguing , observant , often touching . . . gives a human face to what's often discussed in purely abstract terms . 
NEGATIVE:0 audiences will find no mention of political prisoners or persecutions that might paint the castro regime in less than saintly tones . 
POSITIVE:1 the aaa of action , xxx is a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement . and vin diesel is the man . 
POSITIVE:1 as unseemly as its title suggests . 
POSITIVE:1 a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s . 
NEGATIVE:0 strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild . 
POSITIVE:1 the best thing i can say about this film is that i can't wait to see what the director does next . 
POSITIVE:1 the film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet . 
POSITIVE:1 if it tried to do anything more , it would fail and perhaps explode , but at this level of manic whimsy , it is just about right . 
NEGATIVE:0 no such thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina . 
NEGATIVE:0 in the end , tuck everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in . 
NEGATIVE:0 it tells more than it shows . 
NEGATIVE:0 disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances . 
NEGATIVE:0 a little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm's shelf . 
POSITIVE:1 the film offers an intriguing what-if premise . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film . . . presents classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ? the problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau . 
POSITIVE:1 alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous . it's a masterpeice . 
POSITIVE:1 there's none of the happily-ever -after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that's part of what makes dover kosashvili's outstanding feature debut so potent . 
POSITIVE:1 one of those rare , exhilarating cinematic delights that gets even better in hindsight , as you mull over its every nuance in your mind . 
POSITIVE:1 offers much to enjoy . . . and a lot to mull over in terms of love , loyalty and the nature of staying friends . 
POSITIVE:1 the film's welcome breeziness and some unbelievably hilarious moments -- most portraying the idiocy of the film industry -- make it mostly worth the trip . 
NEGATIVE:0 in the end , the movie collapses on its shaky foundation despite the best efforts of director joe carnahan . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's like an all-star salute to disney's cheesy commercialism . 
POSITIVE:1 despite the film's bizarre developments , hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character's gripping humanity . 
POSITIVE:1 it shows us a slice of life that's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable . 
POSITIVE:1 perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , about schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness . 
POSITIVE:1 can i admit xxx is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ? 
POSITIVE:1 the movie is for fans who can't stop loving anime , and the fanatical excess built into it . 
POSITIVE:1 mr . tsai is a very original artist in his medium , and what time is it there ? should be seen at the very least for its spasms of absurdist humor . 
POSITIVE:1 when your leading ladies are a couple of screen-eating dominatrixes like goldie hawn and susan sarandon at their raunchy best , even hokum goes down easily . 
POSITIVE:1  " mr . deeds " is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought . 
POSITIVE:1 boisterous and daft documentary . 
NEGATIVE:0 the star who helped give a spark to " chasing amy " and " changing lanes " falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer's new action film , " the sum of all fears . " 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . silly humbuggery . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life . 
POSITIVE:1 though of particular interest to students and enthusiast of international dance and world music , the film is designed to make viewers of all ages , cultural backgrounds and rhythmic ability want to get up and dance . 
POSITIVE:1 captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper . 
POSITIVE:1 highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role . 
NEGATIVE:0 this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar . 
POSITIVE:1 a sly game of cat and mouse that's intense and thrilling at times , but occasionally stretches believability to its limits and relies on predictable plot contrivances . 
NEGATIVE:0 mattei's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination . 
NEGATIVE:0 well before it's over , beijing bicycle begins spinning its wheels . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . a plotline that's as lumpy as two-day old porridge . . . the filmmakers' paws , sad to say , were all over this " un-bear-able " project ! 
POSITIVE:1 delightfully rendered
POSITIVE:1 whether you like rap music or loathe it , you can't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it weren't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension . 
NEGATIVE:0 tom green and an ivy league college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 . 
POSITIVE:1 hoffman notches in the nuances of pain , but his smart , edgy voice and waddling profile ( emphasized here ) accent the humor of wilson's plight , and that saves his pathos from drippiness . 
POSITIVE:1 vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form . 
NEGATIVE:0 the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull . 
POSITIVE:1 a fine production with splendid singing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , and roberto alagna . 
NEGATIVE:0 a standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for de niro's participation , would have likely wound up a tnt original . 
NEGATIVE:0 disjointed parody . 
NEGATIVE:0 a well-acted movie that simply doesn't gel . 
POSITIVE:1 waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it . 
POSITIVE:1 this remake gets all there is to get out of a peculiar premise with promise : al pacino loathing robin williams . 
NEGATIVE:0 earnest falls short of its ideal predecessor largely due to parker's ill-advised meddling with the timeless source material . 
POSITIVE:1 bogdanovich tantalizes by offering a peep show into the lives of the era's creme de la celluloid . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie isn't just hilarious : it's witty and inventive , too , and in hindsight , it isn't even all that dumb . 
NEGATIVE:0 no big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film . 
NEGATIVE:0 who is this movie for ? not kids , who don't need the lesson in repugnance . it's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are 'edgy . '
POSITIVE:1 oliveira seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition . 
NEGATIVE:0 instead of trying to bust some blondes , [diggs] should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad . 
POSITIVE:1 the values that have held the enterprise crew together through previous adventures and perils do so again-courage , self-sacrifice and patience under pressure . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's drained of life in an attempt to be sober and educational , and yet it's so devoid of realism that its lack of whistles and bells just makes it obnoxious and stiff . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy . 
POSITIVE:1 makes an aborbing if arguable case for the man's greatness . 
POSITIVE:1 the sort of film that makes me miss hitchcock , but also feel optimistic that there's hope for popular cinema yet . 
NEGATIVE:0 demme's loose approach kills the suspense . 
POSITIVE:1 a four star performance from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script . 
POSITIVE:1 goes a long way on hedonistic gusto . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film goes from being an unusual sci-fi character study to a chase flick that detracts from its ending . 
POSITIVE:1 it's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless . indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions . 
POSITIVE:1 one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm . 
POSITIVE:1 if you've the patience , there are great rewards here . 
NEGATIVE:0 what a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is ! 
NEGATIVE:0 if only it were , well , funnier . 
NEGATIVE:0  in the end , white oleander isn't an adaptation of a novel . it's a flashy , star-splashed reduction . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . there are enough moments of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen . 
NEGATIVE:0 director boris von sychowski instead opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through . 
NEGATIVE:0 it would be hard to think of a recent movie that has worked this hard to achieve this little fun . 
POSITIVE:1 a wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture . 
NEGATIVE:0 instead of accurately accounting a terrible true story , the film's more determined to become the next texas chainsaw massacre . but what about the countless other people who'd merely like to watch a solid tale about a universally interesting soul ? 
NEGATIVE:0 it makes me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens
POSITIVE:1 a cautionary tale about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall . 
POSITIVE:1 almost every scene in this film is a gem that could stand alone , a perfectly realized observation of mood , behavior and intent . 
POSITIVE:1 not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time . 
NEGATIVE:0 upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute . 
NEGATIVE:0 the master of disguise may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not . 
POSITIVE:1 is this love or is it masochism ? binoche makes it interesting trying to find out . 
POSITIVE:1 what bloody sunday lacks in clarity , it makes up for with a great , fiery passion . 
NEGATIVE:0 murder by numbers just doesn't add up . 
NEGATIVE:0 one of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history . 
POSITIVE:1 the powers team has fashioned a comedy with more laughs than many , no question . but this time there's some mold on the gold . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie's captivating details are all in the performances , from foreman's barking-mad taylor to thewlis's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell's hard-eyed gangster . 
NEGATIVE:0 as befits its title , this pg-13-rated piffle is ultimately as threatening as the snuggle fabric softener bear . 
POSITIVE:1 it's funny , as the old saying goes , because it's true . 
NEGATIVE:0 often likable , but just as often it's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . really horrible drek . 
NEGATIVE:0 sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler . but never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti
POSITIVE:1 the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema . 
NEGATIVE:0 a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer . 
POSITIVE:1 chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america . 
POSITIVE:1 may be spoofing an easy target -- those old '50's giant creature features -- but . . . it acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today . 
NEGATIVE:0 a sudsy cautionary tale . 
POSITIVE:1 an absorbing and unsettling psychological drama . 
POSITIVE:1 williams creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity . 
NEGATIVE:0 a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness . 
NEGATIVE:0 enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre . the performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody . 
NEGATIVE:0 rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue . 
NEGATIVE:0 woody allen used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending . now he makes them . 
NEGATIVE:0 despite the premise of a good story . . . it wastes all its star power on cliched or meaningless roles . 
POSITIVE:1 an idealistic love story that brings out the latent 15-year-old romantic in everyone . 
NEGATIVE:0 hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film . 
POSITIVE:1 this is a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are , and how to push them . 
POSITIVE:1 jones . . . does offer a brutal form of charisma . 
NEGATIVE:0  " the tuxedo " should have been the vehicle for chan that " the mask " was for jim carrey . alas , it's the man that makes the clothes . 
NEGATIVE:0 overly long and worshipful bio-doc . 
NEGATIVE:0 there ought to be a directing license , so that ed burns can have his revoked . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's hard to believe that a relationship like holly and marina's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom , and its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive . 
POSITIVE:1 nair and writer laura cahill dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life . 
NEGATIVE:0 completely awful iranian drama . . . as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque . 
NEGATIVE:0 bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie . 
POSITIVE:1 'film aficionados cannot help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director's cut . '
NEGATIVE:0 to paraphrase a line from another dickens' novel , nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato . 
POSITIVE:1 thanks to scott's charismatic roger and eisenberg's sweet nephew , roger dodger is one of the most compelling variations on in the company of men . 
NEGATIVE:0 aan opportunity wasted . 
POSITIVE:1 because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we've somehow never seen before . 
POSITIVE:1 an elegant and sly deadpan comedy . 
NEGATIVE:0 i can't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 it might be the first sci-fi comedy that could benefit from a three's company-style laugh track . 
NEGATIVE:0 guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it's not scary in the slightest . 
POSITIVE:1 its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy . 
POSITIVE:1 even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man . 
POSITIVE:1 like these russo guys lookin' for their mamet instead found their sturges . 
POSITIVE:1 despite its flaws , secretary stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions . 
POSITIVE:1 a quietly moving look back at what it was to be iranian-american in 1979 . 
NEGATIVE:0 the actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen . 
POSITIVE:1 those who would follow haneke on his creepy explorations . . . are rewarded by brutal , committed performances from huppert and magimel . 
NEGATIVE:0 the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill . 
NEGATIVE:0 everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david's point of view . 
NEGATIVE:0 with jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is . he fails . 
POSITIVE:1 holy mad maniac in a mask , splat-man ! good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back ! 
NEGATIVE:0 a mess . the screenplay does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen . 
NEGATIVE:0 merely ( and literally ) tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women's expense . 
NEGATIVE:0 men in black ii has sequel-itis something fierce . an ungainly , comedy-deficient , b-movie rush job . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's never a good sign when a film's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma . it's a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition . 
NEGATIVE:0 little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its summer x games . 
NEGATIVE:0 pascale bailly's rom-com provides amélie's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i . e . , a banal spiritual quest . 
POSITIVE:1 the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart . 
NEGATIVE:0 given how heavy-handed and portent-heavy it is , this could be the worst thing soderbergh has ever done . 
NEGATIVE:0 expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery . 
POSITIVE:1 by applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject . 
NEGATIVE:0 a lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor . 
NEGATIVE:0 comedy troupe broken lizard's first movie is very funny but too concerned with giving us a plot . 
POSITIVE:1 an enjoyable experience . 
POSITIVE:1 en sí mismo el rey león es un espectáculo digno de contemplarse en cine , dvd o en su soberbio montaje teatral ; pero el hacerlo en la pantalla imax es una experiencia colosal . 
NEGATIVE:0 its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience . 
POSITIVE:1 the film provides some great insight into the neurotic mindset of all comics -- even those who have reached the absolute top of the game . 
POSITIVE:1 a stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of beauty and the beast and 1930s horror films
POSITIVE:1 like mike doesn't win any points for originality . it does succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style , and by offering its target audience of urban kids some welcome role models and optimism . 
POSITIVE:1 perhaps the best sports movie i've ever seen . 
POSITIVE:1 charlotte sometimes is a brilliant movie . it is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity . 
POSITIVE:1 as broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism . 
POSITIVE:1 we learn a lot about dying coral and see a lot of life on the reef . 
NEGATIVE:0 for all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there's something creepy about this movie . 
POSITIVE:1 hatosy . . . portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's a thin line between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy , and the count of monte cristo . . . never quite settles on either side . 
POSITIVE:1 the most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism . 
NEGATIVE:0 has not so much been written as assembled , frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups . 
NEGATIVE:0 'it's painful to watch witherspoon's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . '
POSITIVE:1 despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances . 
POSITIVE:1 filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity . 
POSITIVE:1 the heightened symmetry of this new/old cinema paradiso makes the film a fuller experience , like an old friend haunted by the exigencies of time . 
NEGATIVE:0  ( it ) highlights not so much the crime lord's messianic bent , but spacey's . 
POSITIVE:1 it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing . 
POSITIVE:1 there's a disreputable air about the whole thing , and that's what makes it irresistible . 
POSITIVE:1 jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth can't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting . 
POSITIVE:1 call this the full monty on ice , the underdog sports team formula redux . 
POSITIVE:1 a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire . 
NEGATIVE:0 bears is bad . not 'terrible filmmaking' bad , but more like , 'i once had a nightmare like this , and it's now coming true' bad . 
NEGATIVE:0 high crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd . 
NEGATIVE:0 if high crimes were any more generic it would have a universal product code instead of a title . 
NEGATIVE:0 that zhang would make such a strainingly cute film -- with a blind orphan at its center , no less -- indicates where his ambitions have wandered . 
POSITIVE:1 jagger the actor is someone you want to see again . 
POSITIVE:1 this is one of mr . chabrol's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny . 
NEGATIVE:0 perfectly enjoyable , instantly forgettable , nothing to write home about . 
POSITIVE:1 witherspoon puts to rest her valley-girl image , but it's dench who really steals the show . 
POSITIVE:1 delirious fun . 
POSITIVE:1 a tale of horror and revenge that is nearly perfect in its relentless descent to the depths of one man's tortured soul . 
POSITIVE:1 offers an unusual opportunity to observe the inequities in the death penalty , not just the inherent immorality but also the haphazard administration of it and public misperception of how the whole thing works . 
POSITIVE:1 son of the bride may be a good half-hour too long but comes replete with a flattering sense of mystery and quietness . 
NEGATIVE:0 comes . . . uncomfortably close to coasting in the treads of the bicycle thief . 
NEGATIVE:0 i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great . . . i'm not , and then i realized that i just didn't care . 
POSITIVE:1 qutting may be a flawed film , but it is nothing if not sincere . 
POSITIVE:1 you have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they're each interesting . the movie is well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll . 
NEGATIVE:0 wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time . 
POSITIVE:1 family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking . 
NEGATIVE:0 perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that isn't this painfully forced , false and fabricated . 
POSITIVE:1 you have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie's failings . 
POSITIVE:1 as warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all . 
NEGATIVE:0 a subtle variation on i spit on your grave in which our purported heroine pathologically avenges a hatred for men . 
NEGATIVE:0 audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far -- and that does not include the 5 o'clock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school . 
POSITIVE:1 maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while . 
POSITIVE:1 graphic sex may be what's attracting audiences to unfaithful , but gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake . 
NEGATIVE:0 has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital . 
POSITIVE:1  " antwone fisher " is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by washington . it won't rock any boats but is solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking . 
NEGATIVE:0 are monsters born , or made ? 
POSITIVE:1 tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here . 
POSITIVE:1 robin williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favour of an altogether darker side . 
POSITIVE:1 superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen . 
NEGATIVE:0 a mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
NEGATIVE:0 i am sorry that i was unable to get the full brunt of the comedy . 
NEGATIVE:0 death might be a release . 
NEGATIVE:0 watching the powerpuff girls movie , my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures . 
POSITIVE:1 by the end of the movie , you're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular . 
NEGATIVE:0 makes 98 minutes feel like three hours . 
NEGATIVE:0 fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget . but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , isn't really one of resources . 
NEGATIVE:0 an achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses . 
POSITIVE:1 while undisputed isn't exactly a high , it is a gripping , tidy little movie that takes mr . hill higher than he's been in a while . 
NEGATIVE:0 fans of so-bad-they're-good cinema may find some fun in this jumbled mess . 
NEGATIVE:0 when [de palma's] bad , he's really bad , and femme fatale ranks with the worst he has done . 
NEGATIVE:0 90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping . 
POSITIVE:1 the ending feels at odds with the rest of the film . 
POSITIVE:1 the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it's actually watchable . even more baffling is that it's funny . 
POSITIVE:1 a no-holds-barred cinematic treat . 
NEGATIVE:0 a journey that's too random and inconclusive to be compelling , but which hoffman's brilliance almost makes worth taking . 
POSITIVE:1 gay or straight , kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years . 
POSITIVE:1 very well-written and very well-acted . 
NEGATIVE:0 as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved . 
NEGATIVE:0 `martin lawrence live' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show . 
POSITIVE:1 a charming but slight comedy . 
NEGATIVE:0 the code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute . 
NEGATIVE:0 lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film's center will not hold . 
POSITIVE:1 solid , lump-in-the-throat family entertainment that derives its power by sticking to the facts . 
POSITIVE:1 contrived as this may sound , mr . rose's updating works surprisingly well . 
NEGATIVE:0 demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but he can't disguise that he's spiffing up leftovers that aren't so substantial or fresh . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught . 
NEGATIVE:0 the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why . 
NEGATIVE:0 scotland , pa is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept . 
NEGATIVE:0 the only entertainment you'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles – several of them . 
POSITIVE:1 the premise of jason x is silly but strangely believable . 
POSITIVE:1 one of the best , most understated performances of [jack nicholson's] career . 
POSITIVE:1 this may be burns's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen . 
POSITIVE:1 a family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what is needed to live a rich and full life . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . they missed the boat . 
POSITIVE:1 an uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema . 
NEGATIVE:0 the dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed . 
POSITIVE:1 this is carion's debut feature but his script and direction hums with a confidence that many spend entire careers trying to reach . 
NEGATIVE:0 to the civilized mind , a movie like ballistic : ecks vs . sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement . 
POSITIVE:1 this story of a determined woman's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments . 
NEGATIVE:0 a thoroughly awful movie--dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy . . . a weird amalgam of 'the thing' and a geriatric 'scream . '
POSITIVE:1 while there are times when the film's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it doesn't . 
NEGATIVE:0 elegantly crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level . 
NEGATIVE:0 i could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again . 
POSITIVE:1 hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels . 
NEGATIVE:0 check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you don't want to think too much about what's going on . the movie does has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like chris rock . 
NEGATIVE:0 the town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial . 
NEGATIVE:0 i haven't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered . 
POSITIVE:1 watching spirited away is like watching an eastern imagination explode . 
NEGATIVE:0 any movie this boring should be required to have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes . like a marathon runner trying to finish a race , you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it . 
NEGATIVE:0 ordinary melodrama that is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin on dramatic substance
POSITIVE:1 everything you loved about it in 1982 is still there , for everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids . 
NEGATIVE:0 starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion . 
POSITIVE:1 finally , a genre movie that delivers -- in a couple of genres , no less . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie turns out to be [assayas'] homage to the gallic 'tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness . 
NEGATIVE:0 has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting . 
POSITIVE:1 with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids . 
NEGATIVE:0 despite the fact that this film wasn't as bad as i thought it was going to be , it's still not a good movie
NEGATIVE:0 sit through this one , and you won't need a magic watch to stop time ; your dvd player will do it for you . 
POSITIVE:1 happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and doesn't pummel us with phony imagery or music . 
NEGATIVE:0 the new film of anton chekhov's the cherry orchard puts the 'ick' in 'classic . '
POSITIVE:1 a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers' hearts . 
NEGATIVE:0 a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film is less successful on other levels . 
POSITIVE:1 the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie weren't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is . 
NEGATIVE:0 to blandly go where we went 8 movies ago . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 a humorless journey into a philosophical void . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie isn't painfully bad , something to be 'fully experienced' ; it's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten . 
POSITIVE:1 franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic . 
NEGATIVE:0 do not , under any circumstances , consider taking a child younger than middle school age to this wallow in crude humor . 
NEGATIVE:0 stale , futile scenario . 
POSITIVE:1 the series' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls' amusing personalities . 
POSITIVE:1 deliciously slow . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie spends more time with schneider than with newcomer mcadams , even though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his . 
POSITIVE:1 though the film is static , its writer-director's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable . 
POSITIVE:1 haneke challenges us to confront the reality of sexual aberration . 
NEGATIVE:0 when the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence . 
NEGATIVE:0 the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . hokey art house pretension . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery . 
NEGATIVE:0 the rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey . 
NEGATIVE:0 to imagine the life of harry potter as a martial arts adventure told by a lobotomized woody allen is to have some idea of the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is kung pow : enter the fist . 
POSITIVE:1 a warm , funny , engaging film . 
POSITIVE:1 reassuring , retro uplifter . 
NEGATIVE:0 a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs . robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women . 
NEGATIVE:0 far too clever by half , howard's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another . 
NEGATIVE:0 it cannot be enjoyed , even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick , primarily because it is dull . yes , dull . 
NEGATIVE:0 a mawkish , implausible platonic romance that makes chaplin's city lights seem dispassionate by comparison . 
NEGATIVE:0 if you pitch your expectations at an all time low , you could do worse than this oddly cheerful -- but not particularly funny -- body-switching farce . 
POSITIVE:1 a bonanza of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist's career . 
POSITIVE:1 the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman has carved from orleans' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality . 
POSITIVE:1 director andrew niccol . . . demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame . his healthy sense of satire is light and fun . . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them ! 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory . 
POSITIVE:1 great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make gangster no . 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience . 
POSITIVE:1 until ( the ) superfluous . . . epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve , die another day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any james bond thriller . 
NEGATIVE:0 lacks heart , depth and , most of all , purpose . 
POSITIVE:1 one of the greatest films i've ever seen . 
NEGATIVE:0 chai's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack . 
POSITIVE:1 a very witty take on change , risk and romance , and the film uses humour to make its points about acceptance and growth . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's slow -- very , very slow . it's not the ultimate depression-era gangster movie . that's pure pr hype . 
POSITIVE:1 a lot of the credit for the film's winning tone must go to grant , who hasn't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him . 
POSITIVE:1 u . s . audiences may find [attal and gainsbourg's] unfamiliar personas give the film an intimate and quaint reality that is a little closer to human nature than what hollywood typically concocts . 
NEGATIVE:0 the tug-of-war at the core of beijing bicycle becomes weighed down with agonizing contrivances , overheated pathos and long , wistful gazes . 
NEGATIVE:0 donovan . . . squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences . 
NEGATIVE:0 master of disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours . 
POSITIVE:1 those with an interest in new or singular sorts of film experiences will find what time is it there ? well worth the time . 
POSITIVE:1 gloriously straight from the vagina . 
POSITIVE:1 the more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it . 
POSITIVE:1 we get an image of big papa spanning history , rather than suspending it . 
NEGATIVE:0 skillful as he is , mr . shyamalan is undone by his pretensions . 
POSITIVE:1 this is one of polanski's best films . 
NEGATIVE:0 i can't quite recommend it -- it's too patched together -- but i almost can ; it's the kind of movie that makes you want to like it . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan's prefeminist plight , so we're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity . 
POSITIVE:1 this harrowing journey into combat hell vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a movie -- and an album -- you won't want to miss . 
POSITIVE:1 while not as aggressively impressive as its american counterpart , " in the bedroom , " moretti's film makes its own , quieter observations
POSITIVE:1 what sets ms . birot's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents . 
NEGATIVE:0 for those for whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , hollywood ending is a depressing experience
POSITIVE:1 more than makes up for its mawkish posing by offering rousing spates of genuine feeling . 
NEGATIVE:0 there isn't one moment in the film that surprises or delights . 
POSITIVE:1 nair doesn't treat the issues lightly . she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly . 
NEGATIVE:0 a punch line without a premise , a joke built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters . 
POSITIVE:1 warm and exotic . 
NEGATIVE:0 if the movie were all comedy , it might work better . but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness . 
POSITIVE:1 strange and beautiful film . 
NEGATIVE:0 a jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages . 
NEGATIVE:0 i hate this movie
POSITIVE:1 stephen earnhart's homespun documentary mule skinner blues has nothing but love for its posse of trailer park denizens . 
POSITIVE:1 it's quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer . 
NEGATIVE:0 a grating , emaciated flick . 
POSITIVE:1 recalls quiet freak-outs like l'avventura and repulsion . 
NEGATIVE:0 an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we've been watching for decades
NEGATIVE:0  . . . liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario . too bad . 
NEGATIVE:0 while some of the camera work is interesting , the film's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's push-the-limits teen comedy , the type written by people who can't come up with legitimate funny , and it's used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed . 
NEGATIVE:0 like a medium-grade network sitcom--mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen . 
NEGATIVE:0 imagine kevin smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor . the result might look like vulgar . 
POSITIVE:1 a small gem from belgium . 
POSITIVE:1 you'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you'll laugh . 
POSITIVE:1 manages to be sweet and wickedly satisfying at the same time . 
POSITIVE:1 a splendid entertainment , young in spirit but accomplished in all aspects with the fullness of spirit and sense of ease that comes only with experience . 
POSITIVE:1 this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences . . . and it's all the stronger because of it . 
NEGATIVE:0 the execution is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that rob schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl . 
NEGATIVE:0 strictly a 'guy's film' in the worst sense of the expression . 
POSITIVE:1 for a film that's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama isn't as funny as you'd hoped . for a film that's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama isn't as funny as you'd hoped . 
POSITIVE:1 more timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food . 
NEGATIVE:0 fans of plympton's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's nothing exactly wrong here , but there's not nearly enough that's right . 
NEGATIVE:0 a depressingly retrograde , 'post-feminist' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women . 
POSITIVE:1 as animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth . 
POSITIVE:1 the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan's unique directing style . 
NEGATIVE:0 ritchie's treatment of the class reversal is majorly ham-fisted , from the repetitive manifestos that keep getting thrown in people's faces to the fact amber is such a joke . 
NEGATIVE:0 this overproduced and generally disappointing effort isn't likely to rouse the rush hour crowd . 
POSITIVE:1 maryam is more timely now than ever . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle . 
POSITIVE:1 smith's point is simple and obvious -- people's homes are extensions of themselves , and particularly eccentric people have particularly eccentric living spaces -- but his subjects are charmers . 
NEGATIVE:0 with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which they isn't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright . 
POSITIVE:1 there's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film . . . or the emotional integrity of the performances . 
NEGATIVE:0 we've liked klein's other work but rollerball left us cold . 
NEGATIVE:0 snipes is both a snore and utter tripe . 
NEGATIVE:0 screenwriter chris ver weil's directing debut is good-natured and never dull , but its virtues are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is the type of movie best enjoyed by frat boys and college kids while sucking on the bong and downing one alcoholic beverage after another . 
POSITIVE:1 based on dave barry's popular book of the same name , the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters' moves and overlapping story . 
POSITIVE:1 it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory . 
NEGATIVE:0 how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough . 
NEGATIVE:0 when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs . woo , it looks like woo's a p . o . w . 
NEGATIVE:0 there is no entry portal in the rules of attraction , and i spent most of the movie feeling depressed by the shallow , selfish , greedy characters . 
POSITIVE:1 the stunning , dreamlike visuals will impress even those viewers who have little patience for euro-film pretension . 
POSITIVE:1 what's most refreshing about real women have curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors . 
NEGATIVE:0 the problem is not that it's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes . the problem is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material . 
POSITIVE:1 while i can't say it's on par with the first one , stuart little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie . 
POSITIVE:1 canadian filmmaker gary burns' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city . 
POSITIVE:1 never mind whether you buy the stuff about barris being a cia hit man . the kooky yet shadowy vision clooney sustains throughout is daring , inventive and impressive . 
POSITIVE:1 the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's so mediocre , despite the dynamic duo on the marquee , that we just can't get no satisfaction . 
NEGATIVE:0 the name says it all . jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set . 
POSITIVE:1 my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as 'a perfect family film , ' because it's about family . 
NEGATIVE:0 an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product . 
POSITIVE:1 while most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world . 
NEGATIVE:0 tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple — he's understated and sardonic , she's appealingly manic and energetic . both deserve better . 
NEGATIVE:0 the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics . 
NEGATIVE:0 in exactly 89 minutes , most of which passed as slowly as if i'd been sitting naked on an igloo , formula 51 sank from quirky to jerky to utter turkey . 
POSITIVE:1 reinforces the talents of screenwriter charlie kaufman , creator of adaptation and being john malkovich . 
POSITIVE:1 what really surprises about wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness . 
NEGATIVE:0 ihops don't pile on this much syrup . 
POSITIVE:1 i've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 with this new rollerball , sense and sensibility have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's difficult for a longtime admirer of his work to not be swept up in invincible and overlook its drawbacks . 
POSITIVE:1 steven spielberg brings us another masterpiece
NEGATIVE:0 the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises . 
POSITIVE:1 writer-director juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured . 
NEGATIVE:0 a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding serves mostly to whet one's appetite for the bollywood films . 
POSITIVE:1 while this gentle and affecting melodrama will have luvvies in raptures , it's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience . 
POSITIVE:1 leave it to rohmer , now 82 , to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago . 
NEGATIVE:0 a road trip that will get you thinking , 'are we there yet ? '
POSITIVE:1 the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s . 
POSITIVE:1 see scratch for the history , see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion . 
NEGATIVE:0 an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . a low rate annie featuring some kid who can't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school . 
NEGATIVE:0 nothing plot-wise is worth e-mailing home about . 
POSITIVE:1 if you thought tom hanks was just an ordinary big-screen star , wait until you've seen him eight stories tall . 
POSITIVE:1 full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry , but ram dass : fierce grace doesn't organize it with any particular insight . 
NEGATIVE:0 i hated every minute of it . 
POSITIVE:1 audrey tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm , and in this literate french comedy , she's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in amélie . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . an agreeable time-wasting device -- but george pal's low-tech 1960 version still rules the epochs . 
NEGATIVE:0 rarely has a film's title served such dire warning . 
POSITIVE:1 mark pellington's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth . 
NEGATIVE:0 despite engaging offbeat touches , knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast . 
POSITIVE:1 if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is the sort of burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another , narrative necessity is a drunken roundhouse , and whatever passes for logic is a factor of the last plot device left standing . 
NEGATIVE:0 the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake . 
POSITIVE:1 the best part about " gangs " was daniel day-lewis . 
POSITIVE:1 by taking entertainment tonight subject matter and giving it humor and poignancy , auto focus becomes both gut-bustingly funny and crushingly depressing . 
NEGATIVE:0 like an afterschool special with costumes by gianni versace , mad love looks better than it feels . 
POSITIVE:1 i'll put it this way : if you're in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish , this is the movie for you . 
NEGATIVE:0 it should be doing a lot of things , but doesn't . 
POSITIVE:1 it finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's badly acted , blandly directed , and could have been scripted by someone who just graduated from elementary school . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe . 
POSITIVE:1 mostly martha could have used a little trimming -- 10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice -- but it's a pleasurable trifle . the only pain you'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub . 
POSITIVE:1 polished korean political-action film is just as good -- and bad -- as hollywood action epics . is this progress ? 
NEGATIVE:0 a minor picture with a major identity crisis -- it's sort of true and it's sort of bogus and it's ho-hum all the way through . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie , like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes . 
NEGATIVE:0 harry potter and the chamber of secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate . it's likely that whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con -- you'll likely think of this one . 
POSITIVE:1 rich in detail , gorgeously shot and beautifully acted , les destinees is , in its quiet , epic way , daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual . 
POSITIVE:1 a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown . 
NEGATIVE:0 opens at a funeral , ends on the protagonist's death bed and doesn't get much livelier in the three hours in between . 
NEGATIVE:0 goes on and on to the point of nausea . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring . 
NEGATIVE:0 rambles on in a disjointed , substandard fashion from one poorly executed action sequence to the next . 
POSITIVE:1 a big , gorgeous , sprawling swashbuckler that delivers its diversions in grand , uncomplicated fashion . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout . 
NEGATIVE:0 isn't as sharp as the original . . . despite some visual virtues , 'blade ii' just doesn't cut it . 
NEGATIVE:0 just a kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people . but it is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit . 
NEGATIVE:0 the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling . 
POSITIVE:1 a thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy . 
POSITIVE:1 godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence . 
POSITIVE:1 morton uses her face and her body language to bring us morvern's soul , even though the character is almost completely deadpan . 
NEGATIVE:0 a shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable . 
POSITIVE:1 lathan and diggs have considerable personal charm , and their screen rapport makes the old story seem new . 
NEGATIVE:0 adults will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio . as for children , they won't enjoy the movie at all . 
POSITIVE:1 tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme doesn't drag an audience down . 
POSITIVE:1 'no es la mejor cinta de la serie , ni la mejor con brosnan a la cabeza , pero de que entretiene ni duda cabe . '
POSITIVE:1 the success of undercover brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally . 
POSITIVE:1 the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye . 
NEGATIVE:0 this picture is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer . 
NEGATIVE:0 authentic , and at times endearing , humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow . 
POSITIVE:1 [t]his beguiling belgian fable , very much its own droll and delicate little film , has some touching things to say about what is important in life and why . 
POSITIVE:1 k-19 : the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining . 
NEGATIVE:0 not every animated film from disney will become a classic , but forgive me if i've come to expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school " cartoon " . 
POSITIVE:1 the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years . 
POSITIVE:1 maneuvers skillfully through the plot's hot brine -- until it's undone by the sogginess of its contemporary characters , and actors . 
POSITIVE:1 [anderson] uses a hit-or-miss aesthetic that hits often enough to keep the film entertaining even if none of it makes a lick of sense . 
POSITIVE:1 beautifully observed , miraculously unsentimental comedy-drama . 
POSITIVE:1 nair's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances . 
NEGATIVE:0 a listless and desultory affair . 
POSITIVE:1 on the surface , it's a lovers-on-the-run crime flick , but it has a lot in common with piesiewicz's and kieslowski's earlier work , films like the double life of veronique . 
NEGATIVE:0 despite juliet stevenon's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . hits every cliche we've come to expect , including the assumption that " crazy " people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny . 
POSITIVE:1 witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful . 
POSITIVE:1 an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular . 
POSITIVE:1 this bold and lyrical first feature from raja amari expands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment . 
POSITIVE:1 ahhhh . . . revenge is sweet ! 
POSITIVE:1 a sensitive and expertly acted crowd-pleaser that isn't above a little broad comedy and a few unabashedly sentimental tears . 
POSITIVE:1 droll caper-comedy remake of " big deal on madonna street " that's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate " bellini " begins to look like a " real kaputschnik . " 
POSITIVE:1 reggio's continual visual barrage is absorbing as well as thought-provoking . 
POSITIVE:1 you may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject . 
POSITIVE:1 as part of mr . dong's continuing exploration of homosexuality in america , family fundamentals is an earnest study in despair . 
POSITIVE:1 a recent favourite at sundance , this white-trash satire will inspire the affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of def leppard's pyromania . 
NEGATIVE:0 fear dot com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds . 
POSITIVE:1 'a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
POSITIVE:1 although life or something like it is very much in the mold of feel-good movies , the cast and director stephen herek's polished direction pour delightfully piquant wine from aged bottles . 
POSITIVE:1 could have been crisper and punchier , but it's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies . 
POSITIVE:1 as home movie gone haywire , it's pretty enjoyable , but as sexual manifesto , i'd rather listen to old tori amos records . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . this movie has a glossy coat of action movie excess while remaining heartless at its core . 
POSITIVE:1 a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics . 
NEGATIVE:0 director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great . 
POSITIVE:1 there's not much to fatale , outside of its stylish surprises . . . but that's ok . 
NEGATIVE:0 a backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship . 
NEGATIVE:0 beautifully filmed and well acted . . . but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics . 
POSITIVE:1 it's endearing to hear madame d . refer to her husband as 'jackie' -- and he does make for excellent company , not least as a self-conscious performer . 
POSITIVE:1 the production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating . 
POSITIVE:1 the vitality of the actors keeps the intensity of the film high , even as the strafings blend together . 
POSITIVE:1 bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie . . . is , also , frequently hilarious . 
NEGATIVE:0 an ultra-low-budget indie debut that smacks more of good intentions than talent . 
POSITIVE:1 good ol' urban legend stuff . 
NEGATIVE:0 the marquis de sade couldn't have been as dull a person as this film makes him out to be . 
POSITIVE:1 a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers . 
POSITIVE:1 becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters . 
POSITIVE:1 while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it's awfully entertaining to watch . 
NEGATIVE:0 even if you feel like you've seen this movie a thousand times before , it is kind of enjoyable thanks mainly to belushi's easy-going likableness . 
POSITIVE:1 the casting of raymond j . barry as the 'assassin' greatly enhances the quality of neil burger's impressive fake documentary . 
POSITIVE:1 intimate and panoramic . 
POSITIVE:1 its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director's previous popcorn work . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is sandler running on empty , repeating what he's already done way too often . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn . nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining . 
NEGATIVE:0 although there are several truly jolting scares , there's also an abundance of hackneyed dialogue and more silly satanic business than you can shake a severed limb at . 
POSITIVE:1 thumbs up to paxton for not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer . 
POSITIVE:1 it treats ana's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film's simple title . 
NEGATIVE:0 ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head , but he knows how to pose madonna . 
POSITIVE:1 an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent . 
POSITIVE:1 with so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie isn't always easy to look at . but if it is indeed a duty of art to reflect life , than leigh has created a masterful piece of artistry right here . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell . 
POSITIVE:1 exciting and well-paced . 
POSITIVE:1 it is a kickass , dense sci-fi action thriller hybrid that delivers and then some . i haven't seen one in so long , no wonder i didn't recognize it at first . 
NEGATIVE:0 'lovely and amazing , ' unhappily , is neither . . . excessively strained and contrived . 
POSITIVE:1 you don't know whether to admire the film's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace . or both . 
NEGATIVE:0 cherish would've worked a lot better had it been a short film . 
NEGATIVE:0 what was subtle and mystifying in the novella is now broad and farcical . 
NEGATIVE:0 everything about girls can't swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way . 
NEGATIVE:0 unofficially , national lampoon's van wilder is son of animal house . officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny . 
POSITIVE:1 pull[s] off the rare trick of recreating not only the look of a certain era , but also the feel . 
POSITIVE:1 a sensitive and astute first feature by anne-sophie birot . 
POSITIVE:1 shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience . 
NEGATIVE:0 as conceived by mr . schaeffer , christopher and grace are little more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell . 
POSITIVE:1 the draw [for " big bad love " ] is a solid performance by arliss howard . 
NEGATIVE:0 just a bloody mess . 
NEGATIVE:0 i'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year . 
NEGATIVE:0 the low-budget full frontal was one of the year's murkiest , intentionally obscure and self-indulgent pictures , and solaris is its big-budget brother . 
NEGATIVE:0 rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories . 
POSITIVE:1 the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms . . . is a nonstop hoot . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects . 
NEGATIVE:0 more intellectually scary than dramatically involving . 
POSITIVE:1 …an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle . 
POSITIVE:1 duvall is strong as always . 
POSITIVE:1 the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear . 
POSITIVE:1 84 minutes of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare . it's also , clearly , great fun . 
NEGATIVE:0 the performances are so leaden , michael rymer's direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground . 
POSITIVE:1 the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms . ambrose . 
NEGATIVE:0 one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called 'comedy' and not laugh once . 
POSITIVE:1 buy popcorn . take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride . 
POSITIVE:1 together [time out and human resources] establish mr . cantet as france's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace . 
POSITIVE:1 the director , steven shainberg , has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun . 
POSITIVE:1 jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera's drama and lyricism . 
POSITIVE:1 the acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans . 
NEGATIVE:0 overall , it's a pretty mediocre family film . 
POSITIVE:1 one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense . 
POSITIVE:1 any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look . 
NEGATIVE:0 [t]he film is never sure to make a clear point – even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation . 
NEGATIVE:0 the experience of going to a film festival is a rewarding one ; the experiencing of sampling one through this movie is not . 
POSITIVE:1 a huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans . 
NEGATIVE:0 fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation . . . well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care . 
NEGATIVE:0 dialogue-heavy and too cerebral for its own good -- or , at any rate , too cerebral for its racy subject matter . 
POSITIVE:1 disney has always been hit-or-miss when bringing beloved kids' books to the screen . . . tuck everlasting is a little of both . 
POSITIVE:1 shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion . 
NEGATIVE:0 less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession . 
NEGATIVE:0 rosenthal ( halloween ii ) seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense . 
POSITIVE:1 an elegant work , food of love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing . 
POSITIVE:1 this may be dover kosashvili's feature directing debut , but it looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic . 
POSITIVE:1 not a film to rival to live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite whetted . 
POSITIVE:1 gosling provides an amazing performance that dwarfs everything else in the film . 
POSITIVE:1 this sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem . 
POSITIVE:1 hailed as a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian . 
POSITIVE:1 happily for mr . chin -- though unhappily for his subjects -- the invisible hand of the marketplace wrote a script that no human screenwriter could have hoped to match . 
NEGATIVE:0 the character of zigzag is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him . 
POSITIVE:1 a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being . 
NEGATIVE:0 the lower your expectations , the more you'll enjoy it . 
NEGATIVE:0 the self-serious equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , isn't much fun without the highs and lows . 
POSITIVE:1 because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin . 
POSITIVE:1 candid camera on methamphetamines . 
POSITIVE:1 not so much a movie as a picture book for the big screen . this isn't my favorite in the series , still i enjoyed it enough to recommend . 
POSITIVE:1 austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride . 
NEGATIVE:0 worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames . 
NEGATIVE:0 at some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill . 
NEGATIVE:0 its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider's performance is so fine , it's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess . 
NEGATIVE:0 unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script . 
NEGATIVE:0 a pint-sized 'goodfellas' designed to appeal to the younger set , it's not a very good movie in any objective sense , but it does mostly hold one's interest . 
POSITIVE:1 a shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown . 
NEGATIVE:0 there are things to like about murder by numbers -- but , in the end , the disparate elements don't gel . 
NEGATIVE:0 a dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , couldn't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ‘em together here . 
NEGATIVE:0 too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work . 
POSITIVE:1 it gives devastating testimony to both people's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good . 
NEGATIVE:0 a fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down . 
NEGATIVE:0 should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor . 
POSITIVE:1 a bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . does such a fine job of engulfing you in its world and allying you with its characters' choices , good and ill , that its shortcomings are remembered only as an afterthought . 
NEGATIVE:0 short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight… tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations . 
NEGATIVE:0 the scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film's characters . 
NEGATIVE:0 with zoe clarke-williams's lackluster thriller " new best friend " , who needs enemies ? just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills . 
NEGATIVE:0 it wouldn't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny . 
POSITIVE:1 for the most part , director anne-sophie birot's first feature is a sensitive , extraordinarily well-acted drama . 
NEGATIVE:0 often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time is it there ? into how long is this movie ? 
POSITIVE:1 one of the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness faced by five contemporary individuals . . . a psychological masterpiece . 
NEGATIVE:0 the entire movie is filled with deja vu moments . 
POSITIVE:1 having had the good sense to cast actors who are , generally speaking , adored by the movie-going public , khouri then gets terrific performances from them all . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire ! 
NEGATIVE:0 there's a reason the studio didn't offer an advance screening . " the adventures of pluto nash " is a big time stinker . 
NEGATIVE:0 absurdities and clichés accumulate like lint in a fat man's navel . 
NEGATIVE:0 storytelling feels slight . 
POSITIVE:1 victor rosa is leguizamo's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance . 
POSITIVE:1 half submarine flick , half ghost story , all in one criminally neglected film
NEGATIVE:0 friday after next is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans . 
NEGATIVE:0 [a] poorly executed comedy . 
POSITIVE:1 the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy . 
POSITIVE:1 prancing his way through the tailor-made part of a male hooker approaching the end of his vitality , jagger obviously relishes every self-mocking moment . 
POSITIVE:1 has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement . 
NEGATIVE:0 nothing debases a concept comedy quite like the grinding of bad ideas , and showtime is crammed full of them . 
POSITIVE:1 tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience . 
NEGATIVE:0 mildly entertaining . 
NEGATIVE:0 ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you're up for that sort of thing . 
POSITIVE:1 that jack nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend . 
NEGATIVE:0 cattaneo should have followed the runaway success of his first film , the full monty , with something different . 
POSITIVE:1 a mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director's travel through 300 years of russian history . 
NEGATIVE:0 murder and mayhem of this sort quickly becomes monotonous . 
NEGATIVE:0 if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon didn't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it . 
POSITIVE:1 davis' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort . 
POSITIVE:1 an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard's immortal plays were written by somebody else . 
NEGATIVE:0 appropriately cynical social commentary aside , #9 never quite ignites . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's a long way from orwell's dark , intelligent warning cry [1984] to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation . 
POSITIVE:1 writer/ director m . night shyamalan's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable . 
POSITIVE:1 returning director rob minkoff . . . and screenwriter bruce joel rubin . . . have done a fine job of updating white's dry wit to a new age . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape . 
POSITIVE:1 more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director's previous films . 
NEGATIVE:0 though perry and hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed , haphazard script by jay scherick and david ronn , neither the actors nor director reginald hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining . 
POSITIVE:1 about schmidt belongs to nicholson . gone are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances . as schmidt , nicholson walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance . 
NEGATIVE:0 it doesn't help that the director and cinematographer stephen kazmierski shoot on grungy video , giving the whole thing a dirty , tasteless feel . 
NEGATIVE:0 the irwins' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts . 
NEGATIVE:0 like most of jaglom's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand . 
POSITIVE:1 a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie . 
POSITIVE:1 hawn and sarandon form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare . 
NEGATIVE:0 if it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in dolby digital stereo . if nothing else , " rollerball " 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j . 
POSITIVE:1 it's never dull and always looks good . 
POSITIVE:1 so beautifully acted and directed , it's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses . 
POSITIVE:1 the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a " dungeons and dragons " fantasy with modern military weaponry . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture . we can tell what it is supposed to be , but can't really call it a work of art . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie doesn't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us . 
POSITIVE:1 thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods . 
POSITIVE:1 it's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated . just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective . 
POSITIVE:1 coppola's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema . 
POSITIVE:1 interacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe , hopkins and norton are a winning combination -- but fiennes steals 'red dragon' right from under their noses . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's mildly amusing , but i certainly can't recommend it . 
POSITIVE:1 there are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances , but brown sugar turns out to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy . 
NEGATIVE:0 for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2-hour running time . 
POSITIVE:1 the minor figures surrounding [bobby] . . . form a gritty urban mosaic . 
POSITIVE:1 a fantastic premise anchors this movie , but what it needs is either a more rigid , blair witch-style commitment to its mockumentary format , or a more straightforward , dramatic treatment , with all the grandiosity that that implies . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's almost as if it's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film . 
POSITIVE:1 simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy . 
NEGATIVE:0 evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter's invention . 
NEGATIVE:0 i'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking . 
POSITIVE:1 offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere . 
POSITIVE:1 this documentary is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what [evans] had , lost , and got back . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off . 
POSITIVE:1 an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary . 
NEGATIVE:0 yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero . but fans of the show should not consider this a diss . consider it 'perfection . '
NEGATIVE:0 my advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack . 
NEGATIVE:0 what starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers . 
NEGATIVE:0 a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man's quest to find an old flame . 
POSITIVE:1 even the digressions are funny . 
NEGATIVE:0 sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely . 
NEGATIVE:0 humor in i spy is so anemic . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax . 
NEGATIVE:0 maid in manhattan proves that it's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies . 
POSITIVE:1 the acting alone is worth the price of admission . 
POSITIVE:1 it's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom . 
NEGATIVE:0 stealing harvard aspires to comedic grand larceny but stands convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your time . 
POSITIVE:1 it helps that lil bow wow . . . tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid . 
POSITIVE:1 very amusing , not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both . 
POSITIVE:1 examines its explosive subject matter as nonjudgmentally as wiseman's previous studies of inner-city high schools , hospitals , courts and welfare centers . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . pitiful , slapdash disaster . a doa dud from frame one . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end . 
NEGATIVE:0 a great ensemble cast can't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar . 
NEGATIVE:0 plays as hollow catharsis , with lots of tears but very little in the way of insights . 
POSITIVE:1 i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale's tale -- you won't be sorry ! 
NEGATIVE:0 what we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance . 
NEGATIVE:0 mildly amusing . 
POSITIVE:1 uneven but a lot of fun . 
NEGATIVE:0 this mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , john c . walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago . 
NEGATIVE:0 its appeal will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists . 
NEGATIVE:0 i'm not saying that ice age doesn't have some fairly pretty pictures , but there's not enough substance in the story to actually give them life . 
POSITIVE:1 the bard as black comedy -- willie would have loved it . 
NEGATIVE:0 some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality . 
POSITIVE:1 a moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives . 
POSITIVE:1 a very well-meaning movie , and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy . 
NEGATIVE:0 velocity represents everything wrong with ''independent film'' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the american filmmaking scene . 
NEGATIVE:0 eh . 
POSITIVE:1 nothing is sacred in this gut-buster . 
POSITIVE:1 despite the predictable parent vs . child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at " the real americans " make this a charmer . 
POSITIVE:1 the plot is so amusingly contrived and outlandish in its coincidences that no one could ever mistake it for anything resembling reality
NEGATIVE:0 basically , it's pretty but dumb . 
NEGATIVE:0 one just waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters . 
NEGATIVE:0 with recent tensions rekindled by the kathleen soliah trial and the upcoming trial of sla members emily and william harris , not to mention sept . 11 , its difficult these days to appreciate fire's bright side . 
POSITIVE:1 everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting . 
POSITIVE:1 a gripping movie , played with performances that are all understated and touching . 
NEGATIVE:0 this tuxedo . . . should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations . 
NEGATIVE:0 the uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them . 
POSITIVE:1 it's hard to imagine alan arkin being better than he is in this performance . 
POSITIVE:1 this film is not a love letter for the slain rappers , it's a taunt -a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered . 
NEGATIVE:0 the attempt is courageous , even if the result is wildly uneven . 
NEGATIVE:0 feels less like it's about teenagers , than it was written by teenagers . 
NEGATIVE:0 director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning . 
NEGATIVE:0 unfortunately , it's also not very good . especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 a perfectly acceptable , perfectly bland , competently acted but by no means scary horror movie . 
POSITIVE:1 a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc . is one of this year's very best pictures . 
NEGATIVE:0 by the miserable standards to which the slasher genre has sunk , . . . actually pretty good . of course , by more objective measurements it's still quite bad . 
NEGATIVE:0 the last three narcissists left on earth compete for each others' affections . 
NEGATIVE:0 while certain cues , like the happy music , suggest that this movie is supposed to warm our hearts , jeong-hyang lee's film is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness . 
POSITIVE:1 you don't need to know your ice-t's from your cool-j's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california . 
NEGATIVE:0 shadyac shoots his film like an m . night shyamalan movie , and he frequently maintains the same snail's pace ; he just forgot to add any genuine tension . 
NEGATIVE:0 a reality-snubbing hodgepodge . 
POSITIVE:1 dogtown and z-boys more than exposes the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become " the punk kids' revolution . " 
POSITIVE:1  ( rises ) above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's the type of stunt the academy loves : a powerful political message stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film . 
NEGATIVE:0 none of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him . 
NEGATIVE:0 by the end of it all i sort of loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them . perhaps the film should be seen as a conversation starter . it's not an easy one to review . 
POSITIVE:1 land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored . 
POSITIVE:1 a romantic comedy , yes , but one with characters who think and talk about their goals , and are working on hard decisions . 
POSITIVE:1 others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that 'the urge to destroy is also a creative urge' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating . 
POSITIVE:1 that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace . 
NEGATIVE:0 there ain't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it's hilarious . 
POSITIVE:1 the fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad . 
POSITIVE:1 sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people . 
POSITIVE:1 it never fails to engage us . 
NEGATIVE:0 i'd have to say the star and director are the big problems here . 
NEGATIVE:0 competently directed but terminally cute drama . 
POSITIVE:1 life on the rez is no picnic : this picture shows you why . 
NEGATIVE:0 frankly , it's pretty stupid . i had more fun with ben stiller's zoolander , which i thought was rather clever . but there's plenty to offend everyone . . . 
POSITIVE:1 the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it's really well directed . 
NEGATIVE:0 there is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew . 
NEGATIVE:0 this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the farrelly brothers' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time . 
NEGATIVE:0 the plot has a number of holes , and at times it's simply baffling . 
NEGATIVE:0 the fact that the 'best part' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of demme's good films doesn't bode well for the rest of it . 
NEGATIVE:0 you come away thinking not only that kate isn't very bright , but that she hasn't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another . 
NEGATIVE:0 woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the " saving private ryan " battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ? 
POSITIVE:1 the year's greatest adventure , and jackson's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate . 
POSITIVE:1 a compelling portrait of moral emptiness
POSITIVE:1 a small movie with a big heart . 
NEGATIVE:0 beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce . . . lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments . 
NEGATIVE:0 while the film is competent , it's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires . 
POSITIVE:1 at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had , godfrey reggio's career shines like a lonely beacon . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . a true delight . 
NEGATIVE:0 if melville is creatively a great whale , this film is canned tuna . 
NEGATIVE:0 feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime . . . and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work . 
NEGATIVE:0 hardly a nuanced portrait of a young woman's breakdown , the film nevertheless works up a few scares . 
NEGATIVE:0 jonathan parker's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films . 
NEGATIVE:0 richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but lawrence gives us mostly fool's gold . 
POSITIVE:1 the band's courage in the face of official repression is inspiring , especially for aging hippies ( this one included ) . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film is a travesty of the genre and even as spoof takes itself too seriously . 
NEGATIVE:0 the story's pathetic and the gags are puerile . 
NEGATIVE:0 the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine . 
NEGATIVE:0 it made me realize that we really haven't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since . . . well . . . since last week's reign of fire . 
POSITIVE:1 a real story about real people living their lives concerned about the future of an elderly , mentally handicapped family member . 
POSITIVE:1 while this film is not in the least surprising , it is still ultimately very satisfying . think of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind . 
POSITIVE:1 mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness . 
NEGATIVE:0 watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing . almost . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family . 
NEGATIVE:0 elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke . if you're looking for a tale of brits behaving badly , watch snatch again . it's 51 times better than this . 
POSITIVE:1 branagh , in his most forceful non-shakespeare screen performance , grounds even the softest moments in the angry revolt of his wit . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids . 
POSITIVE:1 fans of nijinsky will savor every minute of cox's work . 
POSITIVE:1 the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro . . . couldn't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment . 
POSITIVE:1 stevenson's performance is at once clueless and fiercely committed , a volatile combination . 
POSITIVE:1 [has] an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it's all true . 
NEGATIVE:0 obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque . 
POSITIVE:1 [haynes'] homage to such films as " all that heaven allows " and " imitation of life " transcends them . simply put , " far from heaven " is a masterpiece . 
POSITIVE:1 it makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing . 
NEGATIVE:0 more maudlin than sharp . 
NEGATIVE:0 no movement , no yuks , not much of anything . 
POSITIVE:1 a sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work . 
POSITIVE:1 an appealingly juvenile trifle that delivers its share of laughs and smiles . 
POSITIVE:1 the biggest problem with this movie is that it's not nearly long enough . 
NEGATIVE:0 if you think it's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman's clothes , then you'll enjoy the hot chick . 
NEGATIVE:0 sheridan's take on the author's schoolboy memoir . . . is a rather toothless take on a hard young life . 
NEGATIVE:0 the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal . 
POSITIVE:1 kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie . and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film's lamer instincts are in the saddle . 
NEGATIVE:0 the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy . 
POSITIVE:1 were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about cal than does the movie or the character any good , freundlich's world traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising american movies of the year . 
POSITIVE:1 just what makes us happy , anyway ? 
POSITIVE:1 although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real . 
NEGATIVE:0 borrows from so many literary and cinematic sources that this future world feels absolutely deja vu . 
POSITIVE:1 as the two leads , lathan and diggs are charming and have chemistry both as friends and lovers . 
NEGATIVE:0 tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination . 
POSITIVE:1 another one of those estrogen overdose movies like " divine secrets of the ya ya sisterhood , " except that the writing , acting and character development are a lot better . 
POSITIVE:1 for decades we've marveled at disney's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . prepare to marvel again . 
POSITIVE:1 credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic . 
POSITIVE:1 a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director anthony friedman's similarly updated 1970 british production . 
POSITIVE:1 even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it's documenting . 
POSITIVE:1 a film of quiet power . 
NEGATIVE:0 a simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something . 
NEGATIVE:0 even with its $50-million us budget , pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture . 
NEGATIVE:0 parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place . 
NEGATIVE:0 like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
NEGATIVE:0 contrived pastiche of caper clichés . 
NEGATIVE:0 dense and enigmatic . . . elusive . . . stagy and stilted
NEGATIVE:0 what ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits . 
POSITIVE:1 gambling and throwing a basketball game for money isn't a new plot -- in fact toback himself used it in black and white . but toback's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's not that waiting for happiness is a bad film , because it isn't . it's just incredibly dull . 
POSITIVE:1 its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's like a drive-by . you can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise . 
NEGATIVE:0 even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities . 
NEGATIVE:0 would that greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility . 
POSITIVE:1 jacquot's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances . . . while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself . 
POSITIVE:1 jacquot's tosca is a treat . 
POSITIVE:1 ramsay , as in ratcatcher , remains a filmmaker with an acid viewpoint and a real gift for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and settings that might otherwise seem drab and sordid . 
POSITIVE:1 a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man . . . about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy . 
NEGATIVE:0 some like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny . 
POSITIVE:1 if you're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you -– decasia
POSITIVE:1 seeing seinfeld at home as he watches his own appearance on letterman with a clinical eye reminds you that the key to stand-up is to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but . 
NEGATIVE:0 a seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer at the screenplay level . 
NEGATIVE:0 like the world of his film , hartley created a monster but didn't know how to handle it . 
POSITIVE:1 some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since " saving private ryan " have been recreated by john woo in this little-known story of native americans and their role in the second great war . 
NEGATIVE:0 an ugly , pointless , stupid movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 while solondz tries and tries hard , storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket . 
NEGATIVE:0 instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games , we get a cinematic postcard that's superficial and unrealized . 
NEGATIVE:0 trivial where it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good . 
NEGATIVE:0 borstal boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy . 
NEGATIVE:0 plods along , minus the twisted humor and eye-popping visuals that have made miike . . . a cult hero . 
POSITIVE:1 while the humor is recognizably plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time . 
NEGATIVE:0 you know that ten bucks you'd spend on a ticket ? just send it to cranky . we don't get paid enough to sit through crap like this . 
NEGATIVE:0 whereas the extremely competent hitman films such as pulp fiction and get shorty resonate a sardonic verve to their caustic purpose for existing , who is cletis tout ? is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche . 
NEGATIVE:0 earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding . 
NEGATIVE:0 who , exactly , is fighting whom here ? ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze . 
POSITIVE:1 what distinguishes time of favor from countless other thrillers is its underlying concern with the consequences of words and with the complicated emotions fueling terrorist acts . 
NEGATIVE:0 the script kicks in , and mr . hartley's distended pace and foot-dragging rhythms follow . 
POSITIVE:1 tres greek writer and star nia vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script . 
POSITIVE:1 a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china . 
POSITIVE:1 it is risky , intelligent , romantic and rapturous from start to finish . 
POSITIVE:1 an often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century . 
POSITIVE:1 at times the guys taps into some powerful emotions , but this kind of material is more effective on stage . it's not a motion picture ; it's an utterly static picture . 
POSITIVE:1 in the end , punch-drunk love is one of those films that i wanted to like much more than i actually did . sometimes , that's enough . 
NEGATIVE:0 after the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing , the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music . 
NEGATIVE:0 everything its title implies , a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the tinseltown assembly line . 
NEGATIVE:0 a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr . chicken . 
NEGATIVE:0 the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary . 
POSITIVE:1 not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattan's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way . 
POSITIVE:1 heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on petter næss' delicate , clever direction . . . and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius . 
POSITIVE:1 a lot smarter than your average bond . 
POSITIVE:1 the chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy . 
NEGATIVE:0 so much about the film is loopy and ludicrous . . . that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened . 
POSITIVE:1 it's almost impossible not to be moved by the movie's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-soviet russia . 
POSITIVE:1 the people in dogtown and z-boys are so funny , aggressive and alive , you have to watch them because you can't wait to see what they do next . 
POSITIVE:1 a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage . 
NEGATIVE:0 in the end , the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you'd expect to see on showtime's 'red shoe diaries . '
NEGATIVE:0 a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action flick . 
POSITIVE:1 return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it's not half-bad . 
NEGATIVE:0 began life as a computer game , then morphed into a movie -- a bad one , of course . 
POSITIVE:1 gorgeous scenes , masterful performances , but the sickly sweet gender normative narrative left an acrid test in this gourmet's mouth . 
NEGATIVE:0 pretentious editing ruins a potentially terrific flick . 
POSITIVE:1 a full world has been presented onscreen , not some series of carefully structured plot points building to a pat resolution . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak . but what spectacular sizzle it is ! . . . in this incarnation its fizz is infectious . 
POSITIVE:1 a miniscule little bleep on the film radar , but one that many more people should check out
POSITIVE:1 merchant effectively translates naipaul's lively mix of characters from the page to screen . 
NEGATIVE:0 possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio . 
POSITIVE:1 just as moving , uplifting and funny as ever . 
POSITIVE:1 there are problems with this film that even 3 oscar winners can't overcome , but it's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling . 
POSITIVE:1 finally , the french-produced " read my lips " is a movie that understands characters must come first . 
NEGATIVE:0 what started out as a taut contest of wills between bacon and theron , deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence . 
NEGATIVE:0 this story of unrequited love doesn't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour . 
NEGATIVE:0 shot perhaps 'artistically' with handheld cameras and apparently no movie lights by joaquin baca-asay , the low-budget production swings annoyingly between vertigo and opacity . 
POSITIVE:1 even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end . . . you almost don't notice the 129-minute running time . 
POSITIVE:1 it may not be history – but then again , what if it is ? – but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i've had in a while . 
POSITIVE:1 that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor . 
POSITIVE:1 a distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of hogan's heroes star bob crane . 
NEGATIVE:0 has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together . 
POSITIVE:1 viveka seldahl and sven wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget . 
POSITIVE:1 in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's probably not easy to make such a worthless film . . . 
POSITIVE:1 if this movie were a book , it would be a page-turner , you can't wait to see what happens next . 
NEGATIVE:0 if only merchant paid more attention the story . 
POSITIVE:1 highbrow self-appointed guardians of culture need not apply , but those who loved cool as ice have at last found a worthy follow-up . 
NEGATIVE:0 although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful . 
POSITIVE:1 [a] strong piece of work . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes . after that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course . 
POSITIVE:1 the son of the bride's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also isn't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues . this movie is to be cherished . 
POSITIVE:1 an ambitious and moving but bleak film . 
POSITIVE:1 chicago pode até ser um filme divertido e cativante ( como é ) , mas acaba representando um passo que vai na direção contrária à evolução dos musicais . 
NEGATIVE:0 with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , [crane] becomes more specimen than character -- and auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report . 
POSITIVE:1 writer/director mark romanek spotlights the underlying caste system in america . it's a scathing portrayal . 
POSITIVE:1 with amazing finesse , the film shadows heidi's trip back to vietnam and the city where her mother , mai thi kim , still lives . 
NEGATIVE:0 a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching . 
NEGATIVE:0 everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized . 
POSITIVE:1 a triumph of art direction over narrative , but what art direction ! 
POSITIVE:1 vera's three actors -- mollà , gil and bardem -- excel in insightful , empathetic performances . 
POSITIVE:1 underachieves only in not taking the shakespeare parallels quite far enough . 
POSITIVE:1 rarely do films come along that are as intelligent , exuberant , and moving as monsoon wedding . 
POSITIVE:1 the all-french cast is marveilleux . 
NEGATIVE:0 the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story . 
POSITIVE:1 my wife is an actress is an utterly charming french comedy that feels so american in sensibility and style it's virtually its own hollywood remake . 
NEGATIVE:0 by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it . . . . then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop . 
POSITIVE:1  " white oleander , " the movie , is akin to a reader's digest condensed version of the source material . 
NEGATIVE:0 sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who doesn't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb . 
NEGATIVE:0 long before it's over , you'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser . 
NEGATIVE:0 a timid , soggy near miss . 
NEGATIVE:0 thirty years ago , it would have been groundbreaking . now it's just tired . 
POSITIVE:1 hayek is stunning as frida and . . . a star-making project . 
POSITIVE:1 you will emerge with a clearer view of how the gears of justice grind on and the death report comes to share airtime alongside the farm report . 
POSITIVE:1 light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically . 
POSITIVE:1 performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances . 
NEGATIVE:0 few of the increasingly far-fetched events that first-time writer-director neil burger follows up with are terribly convincing , which is a pity , considering barry's terrific performance . 
NEGATIVE:0 mckay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative . 
POSITIVE:1 meeting , even exceeding expectations , it's the best sequel since the empire strikes back . . . a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth . 
POSITIVE:1 thoughtful , even stinging at times , and lots of fun . 
POSITIVE:1 feels untidily honest . 
NEGATIVE:0 an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength . 
NEGATIVE:0 instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence . 
NEGATIVE:0 most new movies have a bright sheen . some , like ballistic , arrive stillborn . . . looking like the beaten , well-worn video box cover of seven years into the future . 
POSITIVE:1 confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of barris' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture . 
NEGATIVE:0 [a] stuporously solemn film . 
NEGATIVE:0 swimfan , like fatal attraction , eventually goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub . 
POSITIVE:1 it's not so much enjoyable to watch as it is enlightening to listen to new sides of a previous reality , and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world . 
NEGATIVE:0 shaky close-ups of turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots , red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere . 
NEGATIVE:0 if you think that jennifer lopez has shown poor judgment in planning to marry ben affleck , wait till you see maid in manhattan . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex . 
POSITIVE:1 an impressive if flawed effort that indicates real talent . 
NEGATIVE:0 it lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made [eyre's] first film something of a sleeper success . 
NEGATIVE:0 uncertain in tone . . . a garbled exercise in sexual politics , a junior varsity short cuts by way of very bad things . 
POSITIVE:1 the film is insightful about kissinger's background and history . 
NEGATIVE:0 devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special . 
NEGATIVE:0 clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . 
POSITIVE:1 argento , at only 26 , brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock . 
POSITIVE:1 an intelligent fiction about learning through cultural clash . 
NEGATIVE:0 lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago . 
NEGATIVE:0 the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones . 
POSITIVE:1 the result puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally couldn't care less . 
POSITIVE:1 a wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films . 
NEGATIVE:0 its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more . 
NEGATIVE:0 a 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor . 
NEGATIVE:0 a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices . 
POSITIVE:1 this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton's ever-watchful gaze -- and it's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one . 
NEGATIVE:0 a pretentious mess . 
NEGATIVE:0 a wildly inconsistent emotional experience . 
NEGATIVE:0 here the love scenes all end in someone screaming . maybe there's a metaphor here , but figuring it out wouldn't make trouble every day any better . 
POSITIVE:1 its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story . 
NEGATIVE:0 predictably soulless techno-tripe . 
POSITIVE:1 nicole holofcener's lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style . 
NEGATIVE:0 the tuxedo wasn't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , 'hungry-man portions of bad' . 
NEGATIVE:0 technically and artistically inept . 
POSITIVE:1 fierce , glaring and unforgettable . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives . 
NEGATIVE:0 stay away . far away . 
NEGATIVE:0 a well acted and well intentioned snoozer . 
POSITIVE:1 while the ideas about techno-saturation are far from novel , they're presented with a wry dark humor . 
POSITIVE:1 the reason this picture works better than its predecessors is that myers is no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies . 
NEGATIVE:0 accuracy and realism are terrific , but if your film becomes boring , and your dialogue isn't smart , then you need to use more poetic license . 
NEGATIVE:0 just entertaining enough not to hate , too mediocre to love . 
NEGATIVE:0 like a soft drink that's been sitting open too long : it's too much syrup and not enough fizz . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie doesn't add anything fresh to the myth . 
POSITIVE:1 a funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage " be careful what you wish for " is given a full workout . 
POSITIVE:1 all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost . 
NEGATIVE:0 just one more collection of penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story . or a profit . or some damn thing . 
POSITIVE:1 É uma pena que , mais tarde , o próprio filme abandone o tom de paródia e passe a utilizar os mesmos clichês que havia satirizado . 
POSITIVE:1 you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy's holes , and the scripters don't deserve any oscars . but the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment . 
NEGATIVE:0 desperately unfunny when it tries to makes us laugh and desperately unsuspenseful when it tries to make us jump out of our seats . 
NEGATIVE:0 some of seagal's action pictures are guilty pleasures , but this one is so formulaic that it seems to be on auto-pilot . 
NEGATIVE:0 i'm afraid you won't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers b-flick with just a suspension of disbelief . rather , you'll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief . 
POSITIVE:1 nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure . 
POSITIVE:1 norton is magnetic as graham . 
POSITIVE:1 combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why didn't hollywood think of this sooner ? 
POSITIVE:1 viewers of " the ring " are more likely to remember the haunting images than the plot holes . 
NEGATIVE:0 further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap . 
NEGATIVE:0 watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard . 
NEGATIVE:0 one of those strained caper movies that's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends . 
NEGATIVE:0 simply doesn't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time . 
NEGATIVE:0 cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude . it makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy's idea of a good time . 
NEGATIVE:0 a frantic search for laughs , with a hit-to-miss ratio that doesn't exactly favour the audience . 
NEGATIVE:0 while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be . 
NEGATIVE:0 offensive in the way it exploits the hot-button issue of domestic abuse for cheap thrills and disgusting in the manner it repeatedly puts a small child in jeopardy , treating her as little more than a prop to be cruelly tormented . 
NEGATIVE:0 the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort . 
NEGATIVE:0 an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection . 
POSITIVE:1 an awfully good , achingly human picture . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 when not obscured by the booming bass-heavy soundtrack , the conversation presents the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since macy gray's game of chinese whispers with mr bean . 
POSITIVE:1 it won't bust your gut -- and it's not intended to -- it's merely a blandly cinematic surgical examination of what makes a joke a joke . 
NEGATIVE:0 a really funny fifteen-minute short stretched beyond its limits to fill an almost feature-length film . 
POSITIVE:1 one of the best movies of the year . 
POSITIVE:1 a slick , skillful little horror film . 
NEGATIVE:0 i was perplexed to watch it unfold with an astonishing lack of passion or uniqueness . 
NEGATIVE:0 pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two . 
POSITIVE:1 nothing denis has made before , like beau travil and nenette et boni , could prepare us for this gory , perverted , sex-soaked riff on the cannibal genre . 
POSITIVE:1 [while the last metro] was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history . 
NEGATIVE:0 though ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way , there's nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention . 
NEGATIVE:0 never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three . 
POSITIVE:1 it asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up . 
NEGATIVE:0 directors john musker and ron clements , the team behind the little mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy , but they aren't able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space . 
POSITIVE:1 it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad . 
NEGATIVE:0 a crude teen-oriented variation on a theme that the playwright craig lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his prelude to a kiss . 
POSITIVE:1 effective in all its aspects , margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken . 
POSITIVE:1 sure , it's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it's never as solid as you want it to be . 
POSITIVE:1 this is a very funny , heartwarming film . it has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect . 
POSITIVE:1 worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film . 
NEGATIVE:0 video games are more involving than this mess . 
POSITIVE:1 a tremendous piece of work . 
POSITIVE:1 satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity . 
NEGATIVE:0 many of benjamins' elements feel like they've been patched in from an episode of miami vice . 
NEGATIVE:0 the story really has no place to go since simone is not real—she can't provide any conflict . 
POSITIVE:1 ub equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of 'black culture' and the dorkier aspects of 'white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate . 
NEGATIVE:0 the irwins emerge unscathed , but the fictional footage is unconvincing and criminally badly acted . 
POSITIVE:1 a psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast , actor bill paxton's directing debut is a creepy slice of gothic rural americana . 
NEGATIVE:0 plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . 
NEGATIVE:0 broder's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs . 
POSITIVE:1 with " ichi the killer " , takashi miike , japan's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 a bloated gasbag thesis grotesquely impressed by its own gargantuan aura of self-importance . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 if shayamalan wanted to tell a story about a man who loses his faith , why didn't he just do it , instead of using bad sci-fi as window dressing ? 
NEGATIVE:0 the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise . 
POSITIVE:1 sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film . 
NEGATIVE:0 unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you're going to feel like you weren't invited to the party . 
NEGATIVE:0 it all feels like a monty python sketch gone horribly wrong . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i can't remember a single name responsible for it . 
POSITIVE:1 at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated ( depending upon where you live ) , ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two . 
NEGATIVE:0 illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller . 
NEGATIVE:0 the actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face . 
NEGATIVE:0 in a strange way , egoyan has done too much . he's worked too hard on this movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 a turgid little history lesson , humourless and dull . 
POSITIVE:1 a tender , witty , captivating film about friendship , love , memory , trust and loyalty . 
NEGATIVE:0 a simple , sometimes maddeningly slow film that has just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting , but is ultimately pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity within . 
NEGATIVE:0 you're better off staying home and watching the x-files . 
POSITIVE:1 children may not understand everything that happens -- i'm not sure even miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted . 
POSITIVE:1 there are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front . 
NEGATIVE:0 all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject . 
NEGATIVE:0 all the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams . 
NEGATIVE:0 shallow , noisy and pretentious . 
POSITIVE:1 ms . fulford-wierzbicki is almost spooky in her sulky , calculating lolita turn . 
NEGATIVE:0 no amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie's lack of ideas . 
NEGATIVE:0 like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they're struggling to create . 
POSITIVE:1 austin powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later . 
NEGATIVE:0 black-and-white and unrealistic . 
POSITIVE:1 further proof that the epicenter of cool , beautiful , thought-provoking foreign cinema is smack-dab in the middle of dubya's axis of evil . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that's shapeless and uninflected . 
POSITIVE:1 this delicately observed story , deeply felt and masterfully stylized , is a triumph for its maverick director . 
POSITIVE:1 it ain't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's hampered by a lifetime-channel kind of plot and a lead actress who is out of her depth . 
POSITIVE:1 in its own floundering way , it gets to you . just like igby . 
POSITIVE:1 a delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity , mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach . 
POSITIVE:1 a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling . 
NEGATIVE:0 ultimately , in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about " chicago " in 2002 . zellweger's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
NEGATIVE:0 a gob of drivel so sickly sweet , even the eager consumers of moore's pasteurized ditties will retch it up like rancid crème brûlée . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents . 
NEGATIVE:0 an empty , purposeless exercise . 
NEGATIVE:0 this follow-up seems so similar to the 1953 disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric peter . 
NEGATIVE:0 gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid . . . a curiously constricted epic . 
NEGATIVE:0 a mix of velocity and idiocy , this ruinous remake lacks the brawn -- and the brains -- of the 1970s original . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie has an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate/surf culture , the l . a . beach scene and the imaginative ( and sometimes illegal ) ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults . 
NEGATIVE:0 not a cheap slasher flick , as the subject matter would suggest , but is a little like a nature film , showing a patient predator and his foolish prey . 
NEGATIVE:0 trapped presents a frightening and compelling 'what if ? ' scenario that will give most parents pause . . . . then , something terrible happens . 
NEGATIVE:0 another week , another gross-out college comedy--ugh . 
POSITIVE:1 imperfect ? yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy . 
POSITIVE:1 a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions . 
NEGATIVE:0 watching harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death , but boyd's film offers little else of consequence . 
NEGATIVE:0 it all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense . 
NEGATIVE:0 the misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten . 
NEGATIVE:0 occasionally interesting but essentially unpersuasive , a footnote to a still evolving story . 
POSITIVE:1 rifkin's references are . . . impeccable throughout . 
NEGATIVE:0 as inept as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west . 
POSITIVE:1 several degrees shy of the gross-out contests one expects from current teen fare . 
POSITIVE:1 streamlined to a tight , brisk 85-minute screwball thriller , " big trouble " is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter . 
POSITIVE:1 the heat of the moment prevails . it cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle . 
NEGATIVE:0 i have to admit i walked out of runteldat . i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes . 
POSITIVE:1 like mike is a harmlessly naïve slice of b-ball fantasy , fit for filling in during the real nba's off-season . 
POSITIVE:1 a historical epic with the courage of its convictions about both scope and detail . 
POSITIVE:1 this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos . 
POSITIVE:1 plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision . 
NEGATIVE:0 so earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer , ponderous awfulness of its script . 
NEGATIVE:0 it is too bad that this likable movie isn't more accomplished . the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward . 
POSITIVE:1 leigh's film is full of memorable performances from top to bottom . 
NEGATIVE:0 seems like something american and european gay movies were doing 20 years ago . 
POSITIVE:1  " cremaster 3 " should come with the warning " for serious film buffs only ! " 
POSITIVE:1 as an introduction to the man's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it's invaluable . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads . 
POSITIVE:1 one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while . . . 
POSITIVE:1 the script's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis , but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off . 
POSITIVE:1 affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own . 
POSITIVE:1 don't expect any surprises in this checklist of teamwork cliches . . . 
POSITIVE:1 williams plays sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in insomnia . he does this so well you don't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role . 
POSITIVE:1 a typically observant , carefully nuanced and intimate french coming-of-age film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that is too heavy for all that has preceded it . 
POSITIVE:1 this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style . 
NEGATIVE:0 this film is full of rabbits . brimful . but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance . 
POSITIVE:1 the case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause . 
NEGATIVE:0 fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references . 
NEGATIVE:0 dawdles and drags when it should pop ; it doesn't even have the virtue of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium of all its generational bonding . 
NEGATIVE:0 in the book-on-tape market , the film of " the kid stays in the picture " would be an abridged edition
NEGATIVE:0 sometimes it feels as if it might have been made in the '70s or '80s , and starred chevy chase and goldie hawn . 
NEGATIVE:0 you see robin williams and psycho killer , and you think , hmmmmm . you see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz . 
NEGATIVE:0 do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ? 
NEGATIVE:0 it's a frankenstein-monster of a film that doesn't know what it wants to be . 
NEGATIVE:0 the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution . 
NEGATIVE:0 ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film . 
NEGATIVE:0 the plot is straight off the shelf , the performances are television- caliber and the message of providing solace through deception is a little creepy . 
NEGATIVE:0 cliches are as thick as the cigarette smoke . 
POSITIVE:1  " punch-drunk love " is a little like a chocolate milk moustache . . . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . takes the beauty of baseball and melds it with a story that could touch anyone regardless of their familiarity with the sport
POSITIVE:1 a delightful coming-of-age story . 
POSITIVE:1 a romantic comedy that operates by the rules of its own self-contained universe . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . it's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy . 
POSITIVE:1 the re-release of ron howard's apollo 13 in the imax format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages . 
POSITIVE:1 on its own , big trouble could be considered a funny little film . 
NEGATIVE:0 a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film . 
NEGATIVE:0 kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) . 
POSITIVE:1 all three women deliver remarkable performances . 
POSITIVE:1 by not averting his eyes , solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable . 
POSITIVE:1 rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day . 
POSITIVE:1 only two words will tell you what you know when deciding to see it : anthony . hopkins . 
NEGATIVE:0 the problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not . 
NEGATIVE:0 it has become apparent that the franchise's best years are long past . 
NEGATIVE:0 koepp's screenplay isn't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own . 
POSITIVE:1 schütte's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close . 
POSITIVE:1 an original little film about one young woman's education . 
NEGATIVE:0 a quaint , romanticized rendering . 
POSITIVE:1 offers a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication . 
POSITIVE:1 it's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal . 
POSITIVE:1 playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity . . . bisset is both convincing and radiant . 
POSITIVE:1 for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough . 
POSITIVE:1 bleakly funny , its characters all the more touching for refusing to pity or memorialize themselves . 
POSITIVE:1 even if you've seen " stomp " ( the stage show ) , you still have to see this ! 
POSITIVE:1 both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement . 
NEGATIVE:0 utterly lacking in charm , wit and invention , roberto benigni's pinocchio is an astonishingly bad film . 
NEGATIVE:0 a movie that falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire . 
POSITIVE:1 although it's a bit smug and repetitive , this documentary engages your brain in a way few current films do . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good . 
POSITIVE:1 the film delivers what it promises : a look at the " wild ride " that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans . 
NEGATIVE:0 if you liked the 1982 film then , you'll still like it now . 
NEGATIVE:0 on a certain base level , blue crush delivers what it promises , just not well enough to recommend it . 
POSITIVE:1 [a] satisfying niblet . 
NEGATIVE:0 [evans is] a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie . 
POSITIVE:1 pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other . 
NEGATIVE:0 the premise for this kegger comedy probably sounded brilliant four six-packs and a pitcher of margaritas in , but the film must have been written . . . in the thrall of a vicious hangover . 
POSITIVE:1 a pleasing , often-funny comedy . 
NEGATIVE:0 forced , familiar and thoroughly condescending . 
NEGATIVE:0 while there's something intrinsically funny about sir anthony hopkins saying 'get in the car , bitch , ' this jerry bruckheimer production has little else to offer
POSITIVE:1 certainly the performances are worthwhile . 
POSITIVE:1 offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux . 
POSITIVE:1 not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching . 
POSITIVE:1 well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious . 
NEGATIVE:0 ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy . if there ain't none , you have a problem . 
POSITIVE:1 while bollywood/hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals , it also has plenty for those ( like me ) who aren't . 
NEGATIVE:0 less dizzying than just dizzy , the jaunt is practically over before it begins . 
POSITIVE:1 it's unlikely we'll see a better thriller this year . 
POSITIVE:1 despite its faults , gangs excels in spectacle and pacing . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie is a trove of delights . 
NEGATIVE:0 halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . 
POSITIVE:1 yeah , these flicks are just that damn good . isn't it great ? 
NEGATIVE:0 supposedly based upon real , or at least soberly reported incidents , the film ends with a large human tragedy . alas , getting there is not even half the interest . 
NEGATIVE:0 the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication . 
NEGATIVE:0 chokes on its own depiction of upper-crust decorum . 
NEGATIVE:0 devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects . 
POSITIVE:1 fans of the animated wildlife adventure show will be in warthog heaven ; others need not necessarily apply . 
POSITIVE:1 eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee . 
NEGATIVE:0 the criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing . . . but she and writing partner laurence coriat don't manage an equally assured narrative coinage . 
POSITIVE:1  " . . . something appears to have been lost in the translation this time . the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . " 
NEGATIVE:0 this movie is so bad , that it's almost worth seeing because it's so bad . 
NEGATIVE:0 none of birthday girl's calculated events take us by surprise . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable , and shiner , starring michael caine as an aging british boxing promoter desperate for a taste of fame and fortune , is certainly that . 
POSITIVE:1 the seaside splendor and shallow , beautiful people are nice to look at while you wait for the story to get going . 
POSITIVE:1 worth watching for dong jie's performance -- and for the way it documents a culture in the throes of rapid change . 
POSITIVE:1  " simone " is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality . 
POSITIVE:1 straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it . 
NEGATIVE:0 true to its animatronic roots : . . . as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus . . . 'the country bears' should never have been brought out of hibernation . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's super- violent , super-serious and super-stupid . 
NEGATIVE:0 what could have been a pointed little chiller about the frightening seductiveness of new technology loses faith in its own viability and succumbs to joyless special-effects excess . 
NEGATIVE:0 i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further . i'm left slightly disappointed that it didn't . 
POSITIVE:1  ( danny huston gives ) an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent's smirk . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c . h . o . still feels like a promising work-in-progress . 
NEGATIVE:0 when not wallowing in its characters' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems . 
POSITIVE:1 occasionally amateurishly made but a winsome cast and nice dialogue keeps it going . 
POSITIVE:1 is truth stranger than fiction ? in [screenwriter] charlie kaufman's world , truth and fiction are equally strange , and his for the taking . 
NEGATIVE:0 this action-thriller/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage . 
NEGATIVE:0 as saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses . 
NEGATIVE:0 a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so . the movie is without intent . 
NEGATIVE:0 one of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced . 
POSITIVE:1 cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression . 
POSITIVE:1 sound the trumpets : for the first time since desperately seeking susan , madonna doesn't suck as an actress . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film favors the scientific over the spectacular ( visually speaking ) . 
NEGATIVE:0 from the opening scenes , it's clear that all about the benjamins is a totally formulaic movie . 
POSITIVE:1 about nowhere kids who appropriated turfs as they found them and become self-made celebrity athletes -- a low-down version of the american dream . 
NEGATIVE:0 the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie . 
POSITIVE:1 you don't have to know about music to appreciate the film's easygoing blend of comedy and romance . 
POSITIVE:1 implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all . 
NEGATIVE:0 billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse . 
POSITIVE:1 japan's premier stylist of sex and blood hits audiences with what may be his most demented film to date . 
POSITIVE:1 although tender and touching , the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing . 
NEGATIVE:0 femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience . are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue ? 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor — but it's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake- of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity . 
POSITIVE:1 spielberg's realization of a near-future america is masterful . this makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's not original enough . 
NEGATIVE:0 the master of disguise represents adam sandler's latest attempt to dumb down the universe . 
NEGATIVE:0 as with too many studio pics , plot mechanics get in the way of what should be the lighter-than-air adventure . 
NEGATIVE:0 we hate [madonna] within the film's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground . 
POSITIVE:1 as gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting . 
NEGATIVE:0 the cast is so low-wattage that none of the characters comes off as big . . . and the setting remains indistinct . 
NEGATIVE:0 neither a rousing success nor a blinding embarrassment . still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered . 
NEGATIVE:0 sweet home alabama is one dumb movie , but its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end . 
NEGATIVE:0 first-time director joão pedro rodrigues' unwillingness to define his hero's background or motivations becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on . 
NEGATIVE:0 cuba gooding jr . valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film is flat . 
NEGATIVE:0 the only thing that distinguishes a randall wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film . 
POSITIVE:1 arliss howard's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws . 
POSITIVE:1 with dickens' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told . 
POSITIVE:1 challenging , intermittently engrossing and unflaggingly creative . but it's too long and too convoluted and it ends in a muddle . 
NEGATIVE:0 you have once again entered the bizarre realm where director adrian lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal . 
NEGATIVE:0 a synthesis of cliches and absurdities that seems positively decadent in its cinematic flash and emptiness . 
NEGATIVE:0 an awkward hybrid of genres that just doesn't work . 
POSITIVE:1 like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being , the hours is one of those reputedly " unfilmable " novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right . 
POSITIVE:1 like the best 60 minutes exposé , the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining . 
POSITIVE:1 this is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground . 
POSITIVE:1 a movie that will touch the hearts of both children and adults , as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats . 
NEGATIVE:0 it takes a strange kind of laziness to waste the talents of robert forster , anne meara , eugene levy , and reginald veljohnson all in the same movie . 
POSITIVE:1 one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin . 
NEGATIVE:0 was i scared ? only at the prospect of beck's next project . let's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what's next . . . ghost blimp ? 
NEGATIVE:0 like a can of 2-day old coke . you can taste it , but there's no fizz . 
POSITIVE:1 occasionally funny and consistently odd , and it works reasonably well as a star vehicle for zhao . 
POSITIVE:1 worth a look as a curiosity . 
POSITIVE:1 who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the 'qatsi' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ? 
POSITIVE:1 the film's 45-minute running time stops shy of overkill , though viewers may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen . 
POSITIVE:1 it turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning . 
POSITIVE:1 long after you leave justine , you'll be wondering what will happen to her and wishing her the best -- whatever that might mean . 
POSITIVE:1 its direction , its script , and weaver's performance as a vaguely discontented woman of substance make for a mildly entertaining 77 minutes , if that's what you're in the mood for . 
NEGATIVE:0 cold and scattered , minority report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals . that's not vintage spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying . 
NEGATIVE:0 as an actor , the rock is aptly named . 
NEGATIVE:0 nothing about it fits . 
NEGATIVE:0 a hysterical yet humorless disquisition on the thin line between sucking face and literally sucking face . 
NEGATIVE:0 writer-director stephen gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call 'too clever by half . '
NEGATIVE:0 simplistic , silly and tedious . 
NEGATIVE:0 the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless . 
POSITIVE:1 human resources was a good , straightforward tale , but time out is better . it's haunting . it's like a poem . 
NEGATIVE:0 one of the worst movies of the year . . . . watching it was painful . 
NEGATIVE:0 behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting . quelle surprise ! 
NEGATIVE:0 a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort . 
NEGATIVE:0 a incompetência de marcus adams como roteirista só é superada por sua péssima direção . 
NEGATIVE:0 one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time . 
POSITIVE:1 maybe thomas wolfe was right : you can't go home again . 
NEGATIVE:0 'this movie sucks . '
NEGATIVE:0 this is just lazy writing . even kids deserve better . 
NEGATIVE:0 it wouldn't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $7 . 00 . 
NEGATIVE:0 a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism 'urban drama . '
POSITIVE:1 can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music
NEGATIVE:0 too clunky and too busy ribbing itself to be truly entertaining . 
NEGATIVE:0 should have gone straight to video . it looks like an action movie , but it's so poorly made , on all levels , that it doesn't even qualify as a spoof of such . 
POSITIVE:1 a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy . 
NEGATIVE:0 a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel . 
NEGATIVE:0 mark wahlberg . . . may look classy in a '60s-homage pokepie hat , but as a character he's dry , dry , dry . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920's . . . the film's ending has a " what was it all for ? " feeling to it , but like the 1920's , the trip there is a great deal of fun . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film makes a fatal mistake : it asks us to care about a young man whose only apparent virtue is that he is not quite as unpleasant as some of the people in his life . 
POSITIVE:1 trades run-of-the-mill revulsion for extreme unease . 
POSITIVE:1 a potent allegorical love story . 
NEGATIVE:0  " i blame all men for war , " [the warden's daughter] tells her father . the movie is about as deep as that sentiment . 
NEGATIVE:0 it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time . 
POSITIVE:1 though the plot is predictable , the movie never feels formulaic , because the attention is on the nuances of the emotional development of the delicate characters . 
NEGATIVE:0 'the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style . entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel . 
NEGATIVE:0 offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life . 
POSITIVE:1 passions , obsessions , and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone . 
POSITIVE:1 the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies . 
POSITIVE:1 lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest . 
NEGATIVE:0 the gags , and the script , are a mixed bag . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life . and if the hours wins 'best picture' i just might . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic . unfortunately , that's precisely what arthur dong's family fundamentals does . 
NEGATIVE:0 hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script . 
POSITIVE:1 in its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation . 
NEGATIVE:0 a sensual performance from abbass buoys the flimsy story , but her inner journey is largely unexplored and we're left wondering about this exotic-looking woman whose emotional depths are only hinted at . 
POSITIVE:1 although i didn't hate this one , it's not very good either . it can be safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . the same tired old gags , modernized for the extreme sports generation . there's already been too many of these films . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 you can practically hear george orwell turning over . 
POSITIVE:1 thoroughly enjoyable . 
POSITIVE:1 the film's appeal has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth . 
NEGATIVE:0 a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters . it's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today . 
NEGATIVE:0 well-made but mush-hearted . 
POSITIVE:1 a lovably old-school hollywood confection . 
NEGATIVE:0 care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up , but he never really embraces the joy of fuhrman's destructive escapism or the grace-in-rebellion found by his characters . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . a solid , unassuming drama . 
POSITIVE:1 a riveting documentary . 
NEGATIVE:0 tykwer's surface flash isn't just a poor fit with kieslowski's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski's work aspired to , including the condition of art . 
NEGATIVE:0 places a slightly believable love triangle in a difficult-to-swallow setting , and then disappointingly moves the story into the realm of an improbable thriller . 
NEGATIVE:0 you have no affinity for most of the characters . nothing about them is attractive . what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom . 
NEGATIVE:0 a movie that's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts . 
POSITIVE:1 witty , vibrant , and intelligent . 
POSITIVE:1 this is pure , exciting moviemaking . you won't exactly know what's happening but you'll be blissfully exhausted . 
POSITIVE:1 anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but can't afford the $20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket should catch this imax offering . 
NEGATIVE:0 eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you don't care who fires the winning shot . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc . reyes' word processor . 
NEGATIVE:0 disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies…or any other john woo flick for that matter . 
POSITIVE:1 what i saw , i enjoyed . 
NEGATIVE:0 a sometimes tedious film . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama . 
NEGATIVE:0 the story the movie tells is of brian de palma's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career . 
POSITIVE:1 reno himself can take credit for most of the movie's success . he's one of the few 'cool' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness . 
NEGATIVE:0 attempts by this ensemble film to impart a message are so heavy-handed that they instead pummel the audience . 
POSITIVE:1 an action/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat . 
NEGATIVE:0 sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard . 
POSITIVE:1 jose campanella delivers a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor , bittersweet pathos , and lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory . 
POSITIVE:1 a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play . 
NEGATIVE:0 a film so tedious that it is impossible to care whether that boast is true or not . 
POSITIVE:1 creeps you out in high style , even if nakata did it better . 
NEGATIVE:0 a workshop mentality prevails . 
POSITIVE:1 suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers . 
POSITIVE:1 it's rare to find a film to which the adjective 'gentle' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette . 
POSITIVE:1 one of the best rock documentaries ever . wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many . 
POSITIVE:1 mr . spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned . and they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor . 
NEGATIVE:0 for a film about action , ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype . 
POSITIVE:1 with this masterful , flawless film , [wang] emerges in the front ranks of china's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers . 
NEGATIVE:0 ken russell would love this . in one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino's climactic shootout — and meat loaf explodes . 
POSITIVE:1 a picture that extols the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky , spirited fashion . 
NEGATIVE:0 indifferently implausible popcorn programmer of a movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 a generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set . 
NEGATIVE:0 about as cutting-edge as pet rock : the movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 all very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion . 
POSITIVE:1 an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement . 
POSITIVE:1 sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching . 
POSITIVE:1 os problemas têm início a partir do momento em que saímos do cinema e começamos a pensar sobre o que acabamos de ver . É então que sinais realmente desaponta . 
NEGATIVE:0 the story bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence . 
POSITIVE:1 tsai ming-liang's witty , wistful new film , what time is it there ? , is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly . 
NEGATIVE:0 a predictable and stereotypical little b-movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 pryor lite , with half the demons , half the daring , much less talent , many fewer laughs . 
NEGATIVE:0 before long , the film starts playing like general hospital crossed with a saturday night live spoof of dog day afternoon . 
NEGATIVE:0 human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard . 
POSITIVE:1 hoffman's performance is authentic to the core of his being . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . too dull to enjoy . 
POSITIVE:1 invincible is a wonderful movie . 
POSITIVE:1 has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre . 
POSITIVE:1 building slowly and subtly , the film , sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations , develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise . 
POSITIVE:1 a wildly funny prison caper . 
POSITIVE:1 easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year . 
NEGATIVE:0 i'm not suggesting that you actually see it , unless you're the kind of person who has seen every wim wenders film of the '70s . 
POSITIVE:1 while guzmán frustratingly refuses to give pinochet's crimes a political context , his distance from the material is mostly admirable . 
POSITIVE:1 sweet home alabama isn't going to win any academy awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts . 
POSITIVE:1 continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means . 
NEGATIVE:0 according to wendigo , 'nature' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves . 
NEGATIVE:0 a mild , reluctant , thumbs down . 
POSITIVE:1 a subtle and well-crafted ( for the most part ) chiller . 
NEGATIVE:0 isn't it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ? and it's a lousy one at that . 
POSITIVE:1 the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast . 
NEGATIVE:0 a tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid . 
POSITIVE:1 mr . clooney , mr . kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster . 
NEGATIVE:0 some elements of it really blow the big one , but other parts are decent . 
NEGATIVE:0 i thought my own watch had stopped keeping time as i slogged my way through clockstoppers . 
POSITIVE:1 directing with a sure and measured hand , [haneke] steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology . 
POSITIVE:1 a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action . 
POSITIVE:1 everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing . 
POSITIVE:1 one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since the evil dead . 
POSITIVE:1 zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does . 
NEGATIVE:0 a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell . 
NEGATIVE:0 this long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted . 
NEGATIVE:0 boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . 
POSITIVE:1 there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot . . . a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
POSITIVE:1 the movie understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure . 
POSITIVE:1 features fincher's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity . 
NEGATIVE:0 a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target . 
NEGATIVE:0 [a] painfully flat gross-out comedy . . . 
POSITIVE:1 by the end of no such thing the audience , like beatrice , has a watchful affection for the monster . 
NEGATIVE:0 makes for some truly odd , at times confusing , kids entertainment . . . but at least this time there's some centered storytelling to go along with all the weird stuff . 
POSITIVE:1  . it's a testament to the film's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries . there's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls . . . 
POSITIVE:1 the filmmaker's heart is in the right place . . . 
NEGATIVE:0  if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish . 
POSITIVE:1 poetry in motion captured on film . while it can be a bit repetitive , overall it's an entertaining and informative documentary . 
POSITIVE:1 a moving story of determination and the human spirit . 
POSITIVE:1 all the performances are top notch and , once you get through the accents , all or nothing becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a sit . 
POSITIVE:1 the plot twists give i am trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed . 
POSITIVE:1 watching e . t now , in an era dominated by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas , one is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision . 
NEGATIVE:0 i watched the brainless insanity of no such thing with mounting disbelief . 
POSITIVE:1 a strangely compelling and brilliantly acted psychological drama . 
NEGATIVE:0 the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched . 
NEGATIVE:0 [a] slummer . 
NEGATIVE:0 one suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison . 
NEGATIVE:0 in old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , ms . shreve's novel proved too difficult a text to 'lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting . 
POSITIVE:1 engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched . 
NEGATIVE:0 my response to the film is best described as lukewarm . maybe i found the proceedings a little bit too conventional . 
POSITIVE:1 the two leads chomp considerably more scenery with their acting than fire-breathing monsters barbecue with their breath . . . 
POSITIVE:1 an intelligent , moving and invigorating film . 
NEGATIVE:0 what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it's icky . 
POSITIVE:1 the sweetest thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways . but it does have one saving grace . a lot of its gags and observations reflect a woman's point-of-view . 
POSITIVE:1 promises is one film that's truly deserving of its oscar nomination . 
POSITIVE:1 many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember . so could young romantics out on a date . 
POSITIVE:1 this is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory , and in spite of numerous minor flaws , scorsese's best in more than a decade . 
NEGATIVE:0 the whole thing plays out with the drowsy heaviness of synchronized swimmer wearing a wool wetsuit . 
POSITIVE:1 huppert's superbly controlled display of murderous vulnerability ensures that malice has a very human face . 
NEGATIVE:0 holland lets things peter out midway , but it's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals . 
POSITIVE:1 what could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . a rather bland affair . 
POSITIVE:1 there's a vastness implied in metropolis that is just breathtaking . 
POSITIVE:1 it's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor . 
NEGATIVE:0 despite its visual virtuosity , 'naqoyqatsi' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it . 
POSITIVE:1 this film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion . 
NEGATIVE:0 yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit . 
NEGATIVE:0 perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline . 
POSITIVE:1 s1m0ne's satire is not subtle , but it is effective . it's a quirky , off-beat project . . . . 
POSITIVE:1 fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way . . . that feels very human and very true to life . 
NEGATIVE:0 you're too conscious of the effort it takes to be this spontaneous . 
POSITIVE:1 with its jerky hand-held camera and documentary feel , bloody sunday is a sobering recount of a very bleak day in derry . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic . 
NEGATIVE:0 a cinematic sleeping pill of impressive potency . 
NEGATIVE:0 one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation . . . . stylistically , the movie is a disaster . 
POSITIVE:1 ultimate x is a ride , basically the kind of greatest-hits reel that might come with a subscription to espn the magazine . 
POSITIVE:1 amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances . 
POSITIVE:1 a movie of riveting power and sadness . 
NEGATIVE:0 just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole . 
POSITIVE:1 though the story . . . is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament . 
POSITIVE:1 it is a likable story , told with competence . 
POSITIVE:1 a marvel of production design . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . a good , if not entirely fresh , look at war . 
POSITIVE:1 a moving and weighty depiction of one family's attempts to heal after the death of a child . 
POSITIVE:1 rarely have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart . 
NEGATIVE:0 this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost . 
POSITIVE:1 there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why . 
POSITIVE:1 broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before . 
POSITIVE:1 to those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer's 'divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that's not saying much . 
POSITIVE:1 'interesante y disfrutable trabajo gracias a que prescinde del clásico elemento estadounidense patriotero y manipulador . '
POSITIVE:1 fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees . 
POSITIVE:1 the word that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer's tribute to a courageous scottish lady , is painterly . 
NEGATIVE:0 topkapi this is not . 
POSITIVE:1 this is a terrific character study , a probe into the life of a complex man . 
POSITIVE:1 a simple , but gritty and well-acted ensemble drama that encompasses a potent metaphor for a country still dealing with its fascist past . 
NEGATIVE:0 an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people . . . manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy . 
NEGATIVE:0 when the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read 'seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
NEGATIVE:0 one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart . 
NEGATIVE:0 the problem with concept films is that if the concept is a poor one , there's no saving the movie . sorry , charlie
NEGATIVE:0 when perry fists a bull at the moore farm , it's only a matter of time before he gets the upper hand in matters of the heart . 
POSITIVE:1 it has charm to spare , and unlike many romantic comedies , it does not alienate either gender in the audience . 
POSITIVE:1 although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters . 
POSITIVE:1 a stirring road movie . 
POSITIVE:1 going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber - it's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy , but it's worth it , even if it does take 3 hours to get through . 
NEGATIVE:0 scarlet diva has a voyeuristic tug , but all in all it's a lot less sensational than it wants to be . 
NEGATIVE:0 taken purely as an exercise in style , this oppressively gloomy techno-horror clambake is impossible to ignore . but as a movie , it's a humorless , disjointed mess . 
POSITIVE:1 ferrara directs the entire film with the kind of detachment that makes any given frame look like a family's custom-made christmas card . 
POSITIVE:1 a love for films shines through each frame and the era is recreated with obvious affection , scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats . 
POSITIVE:1 tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother . 
POSITIVE:1 director nalin pan doesn't do much to weigh any arguments one way or the other . he simply presents his point of view that ayurveda works . no question . 
POSITIVE:1 both garcia and jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny . 
NEGATIVE:0 seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it's a sad , sick sight . 
NEGATIVE:0 filmmakers have to dig deep to sink this low . fortunately for all involved , this movie is likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water . 
POSITIVE:1 in some ways , lagaan is quintessential bollywood . except it's much , much better . 
NEGATIVE:0 cacoyannis is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and labored gentility . 
NEGATIVE:0 the advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap . any rock pile will do for a set . reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects . 
NEGATIVE:0 as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four . 
POSITIVE:1 like the best of godard's movies . . . it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable . 
NEGATIVE:0 a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's not thirsty , consuming passion which drives this movie . no , it's the repetition of said behavior , and so children of the century is more mindless love than mad , more grating and boring than anything else . 
POSITIVE:1 byler reveals his characters in a way that intrigues and even fascinates us , and he never reduces the situation to simple melodrama . 
POSITIVE:1 one of the year's best films , featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel . 
POSITIVE:1 it's immensely ambitious , different than anything that's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it's trying to do . 
NEGATIVE:0 nicks refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy . 
NEGATIVE:0 children , christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of jonah's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it . 
POSITIVE:1 goldmember is funny enough to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse . 
NEGATIVE:0 the only question . . . is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering . average , at best , i'm afraid . 
NEGATIVE:0 witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic . 
POSITIVE:1 the powerful success of read my lips with such provocative material shows why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers . 
POSITIVE:1 it's often infuriatingly glib and posturing , and yet it has been made with great evident care and manages to deliver up the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer . 
NEGATIVE:0 it doesn't quite work , but there's enough here to make us look forward to the russos' next offering . 
POSITIVE:1 there's no clear picture of who killed bob crane . but here's a glimpse at his life . 
NEGATIVE:0 it smacks of purely commercial motivation , with no great love for the original . 
POSITIVE:1 the actors are so terrific at conveying their young angst , we do indeed feel for them . 
NEGATIVE:0 a frustrating combination of strained humor and heavy-handed sentimentality . 
NEGATIVE:0 an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental . 
POSITIVE:1 last orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced . it's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective . 
POSITIVE:1 amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it . 
NEGATIVE:0 its lack of quality earns it a place alongside those other two recent dumas botch-jobs , the man in the iron mask and the musketeer . 
POSITIVE:1 drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power . 
POSITIVE:1 the dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen . 
POSITIVE:1 in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song . 
NEGATIVE:0 to the filmmakers , ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there's no indication that he's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit . 
NEGATIVE:0 harland williams is so funny in drag he should consider permanent sex-reassignment . 
NEGATIVE:0 most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears . 
POSITIVE:1 a special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid . 
NEGATIVE:0 i know we're not supposed to take it seriously , but i can't shake the thought that undercover brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie . 
POSITIVE:1 a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition . 
POSITIVE:1 an involving true story of a chinese actor who takes up drugs and winds up in an institution--acted mostly by the actual people involved . 
NEGATIVE:0 a movie that tries to fuse the two 'woods' but winds up a bolly-holly masala mess . 
NEGATIVE:0 nearly every attempt at humor here is doa . 
NEGATIVE:0 egoyan's work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view , but here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose . 
NEGATIVE:0 why make a documentary about these marginal historical figures ? wouldn't one about their famous dad , author of death in venice , etc . , be more valuable ? 
POSITIVE:1 your response to its new sequel , analyze that , may hinge on what you thought of the first film . 
NEGATIVE:0 …a big , baggy , sprawling carnival of a movie , stretching out before us with little rhyme or reason . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a count for our times . 
POSITIVE:1 funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking . 
POSITIVE:1 what 'dumb and dumber' would have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script . 
POSITIVE:1 the story wraps back around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry that's rare in film today , but be warned : it's a slow slog to get there . 
NEGATIVE:0 a by-the-numbers patient/doctor pic that covers all the usual ground
NEGATIVE:0 the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent . . . could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture . 
NEGATIVE:0 a ragbag of promising ideas and failed narrative , of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking . 
NEGATIVE:0 this time kaufman's imagination has failed him . 
POSITIVE:1 deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history . 
NEGATIVE:0 does little to elaborate the conceit of setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of richard nixon . 
NEGATIVE:0 a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you're going to alter the bard's ending , you'd better have a good alternative . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . the one thing this wild film has that other imax films don't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house . that's fun for kids of any age . 
NEGATIVE:0 any one episode of the sopranos would send this ill-conceived folly to sleep with the fishes . 
POSITIVE:1 few films this year have been as resolute in their emotional nakedness . 
NEGATIVE:0 hawke's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , doesn't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes . 
NEGATIVE:0 most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence . 
NEGATIVE:0 a ragbag of cliches . 
POSITIVE:1 some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time . 
POSITIVE:1 a manically generous christmas vaudeville . 
POSITIVE:1 where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment . 
NEGATIVE:0 a dull , dumb and derivative horror film . 
NEGATIVE:0 plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood . 
POSITIVE:1 may not have generated many sparks , but with his affection for astoria and its people he has given his tale a warm glow . 
POSITIVE:1 a celebration of quirkiness , eccentricity , and certain individuals' tendency to let it all hang out , and damn the consequences . 
POSITIVE:1 bill morrison's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful . 
POSITIVE:1 this is simply the most fun you'll ever have with a documentary ! 
POSITIVE:1 a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside , stays there for the duration . 
NEGATIVE:0 a real clunker . a well-made , thoughtful , well-acted clunker , but a clunker nonetheless . 
NEGATIVE:0 american chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an indian-american would recognize . and the lesson , in the end , is nothing new . 
NEGATIVE:0 viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm's performance , the film would be a total washout . 
NEGATIVE:0 dodgy mixture of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery . 
POSITIVE:1 travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to reality and disillusionment . 
NEGATIVE:0 a lousy movie that's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable . 
NEGATIVE:0 this ludicrous film is predictable at every turn . 
POSITIVE:1 surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it . 
POSITIVE:1 a thunderous ride at first , quiet cadences of pure finesse are few and far between ; their shortage dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action . still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences . 
NEGATIVE:0 this pathetic junk is barely an hour long . nevertheless , it still seems endless . 
NEGATIVE:0 no matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way . 
POSITIVE:1 forgettable horror -- more gory than psychological -- with a highly satisfying quotient of friday-night excitement and milla power . 
POSITIVE:1 a great comedy filmmaker knows great comedy needn't always make us laugh . tim story's not there yet - but 'barbershop' shows he's on his way . 
POSITIVE:1 disturbing and brilliant documentary . 
NEGATIVE:0 a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre
POSITIVE:1 salma goes native and she's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon . 
NEGATIVE:0 an unintentional parody of every teen movie made in the last five years . 
POSITIVE:1 an extraordinary dramatic experience . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness . 
POSITIVE:1 if you're part of her targeted audience , you'll cheer . otherwise , maybe . 
POSITIVE:1 a hidden-agenda drama that shouts classic french nuance . 
NEGATIVE:0 how i killed my father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you're watching an iceberg melt -- only it never melts . 
POSITIVE:1 an unexpectedly sweet story of sisterhood . 
NEGATIVE:0 in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995's forget paris . but even then , i'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes . 
POSITIVE:1 a depressing confirmation of everything those of us who don't object to the description " unelected " have suspected all along : george w . bush is an incurious , uncharismatic , overgrown frat boy with a mean streak a mile wide . 
NEGATIVE:0 villeneuve spends too much time wallowing in bibi's generic angst ( there are a lot of shots of her gazing out windows ) . 
NEGATIVE:0 statham employs an accent that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british . 
NEGATIVE:0 just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting . there are a few modest laughs , but certainly no thrills . 
POSITIVE:1 leaping from one arresting image to another , songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time . 
POSITIVE:1 as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children's entertainment . you'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids . 
POSITIVE:1 even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy . 
NEGATIVE:0 vaguely interesting , but it's just too too much . 
POSITIVE:1 here's a british flick gleefully unconcerned with plausibility , yet just as determined to entertain you . 
NEGATIVE:0 yet another genre exercise , gangster no . 1 is as generic as its title . 
POSITIVE:1 a cockamamie tone poem pitched precipitously between swoony lyricism and violent catastrophe . . . the most aggressively nerve-wracking and screamingly neurotic romantic comedy in cinema history . 
NEGATIVE:0 this one is a few bits funnier than malle's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's dumb , but more importantly , it's just not scary . 
POSITIVE:1 deliriously funny , fast and loose , accessible to the uninitiated , and full of surprises
NEGATIVE:0 pumpkin means to be an outrageous dark satire on fraternity life , but its ambitions far exceed the abilities of writer adam larson broder and his co-director , tony r . abrams , in their feature debut . 
NEGATIVE:0 in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 . 
POSITIVE:1 what's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children . 
POSITIVE:1 bubba ho-tep is a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by bruce campbell that doesn't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it . 
NEGATIVE:0 no worse than a lot of the crap we've been offered this summer , and slightly better than men in black 2 as far as slapdash extraterrestrial comedies go . 
POSITIVE:1 this is what imax was made for : strap on a pair of 3-d goggles , shut out the real world , and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier -- space . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie would seem less of a trifle if ms . sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine . 
NEGATIVE:0 long time dead ? not nearly long enough . 
NEGATIVE:0 to better understand why this didn't connect with me would require another viewing , and i won't be sitting through this one again . . . that in itself is commentary enough . 
NEGATIVE:0 mark me down as a non-believer in werewolf films that are not serious and rely on stupidity as a substitute for humor . 
NEGATIVE:0 flat , but with a revelatory performance by michelle williams . 
NEGATIVE:0 peralta's mythmaking could have used some informed , adult hindsight . 
NEGATIVE:0 she's not yet an actress , not quite a singer . . . 
POSITIVE:1 the bourne identity shouldn't be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood . 
NEGATIVE:0 return to never land is much more p . c . than the original version ( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) , but the excitement is missing . 
POSITIVE:1 a compelling journey . . . and " his best friend remembers " is up there with the finest of specials . 
NEGATIVE:0 truth to tell , if you've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films , there's nothing here you haven't seen before . 
POSITIVE:1 despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show . . . represents a spectacular piece of theater , and there's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it . 
POSITIVE:1 graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies . 
NEGATIVE:0 the unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive , the director just ends up exposing his own obsession . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . for all its social and political potential , state property doesn't end up being very inspiring or insightful . 
POSITIVE:1 the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we're touched by the film's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport . 
POSITIVE:1 an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship . 
NEGATIVE:0 directors harry gantz and joe gantz have chosen a fascinating subject matter , but the couples exposing themselves aren't all that interesting . 
POSITIVE:1 an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line . 
POSITIVE:1 it's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer's most pleasurable movies . 
NEGATIVE:0 deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i . q . than when i had entered . 
POSITIVE:1 both deeply weird and charmingly dear . 
NEGATIVE:0 now i can see why people thought i was too hard on " the mothman prophecies " . 
POSITIVE:1 it's not particularly well made , but since i found myself howling more than cringing , i'd say the film works . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo . 
POSITIVE:1 the vivid lead performances sustain interest and empathy , but the journey is far more interesting than the final destination . 
NEGATIVE:0 a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces . 
POSITIVE:1 it's all a rather shapeless good time . . . 
POSITIVE:1 zhang yimou delivers warm , genuine characters who lie not through dishonesty , but because they genuinely believe it's the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones . 
NEGATIVE:0 you would be better off investing in the worthy emi recording that serves as the soundtrack , or the home video of the 1992 malfitano-domingo production . 
POSITIVE:1 [a]n utterly charming and hilarious film that reminded me of the best of the disney comedies from the 60s . 
POSITIVE:1 the dangerous lives of altar boys' take on adolescence feels painfully true . 
POSITIVE:1 director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve . 
POSITIVE:1 'possession , ' based on the book by a . s . byatt , demands that labute deal with the subject of love head-on ; trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit
NEGATIVE:0 ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ? 
NEGATIVE:0 a dumb movie with dumb characters doing dumb things and you have to be really dumb not to see where this is going . 
NEGATIVE:0 lazy , miserable and smug . this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year . 
POSITIVE:1 as banal as the telling may be -- and at times , all my loved ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention . 
POSITIVE:1 the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love . 
POSITIVE:1 a wild ride with eight boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival . 
POSITIVE:1 i know that i'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again
NEGATIVE:0 extremely bad . 
NEGATIVE:0 a baffling misfire , and possibly the weakest movie [woody allen] has made in the last twenty years . 
POSITIVE:1 a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family . 
NEGATIVE:0 the video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being 'naturalistic' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it's exhausting to watch . 
POSITIVE:1 as the princess , sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . ben kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad . 
POSITIVE:1 kinnear gives a tremendous performance . 
POSITIVE:1 the leanest and meanest of solondz's misanthropic comedies . 
NEGATIVE:0 more of a career curio than a major work . 
POSITIVE:1 to some eyes this will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin's greatest hits . to others , it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking . 
POSITIVE:1 old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment . 
POSITIVE:1 the picture's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed crudup out of pre-9/11 new york and onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind . 
POSITIVE:1 the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill . 
NEGATIVE:0  at its best , it's black hawk down with more heart . at its worst , it's rambo- meets-john ford . 
NEGATIVE:0 no matter how firmly director john stainton has his tongue in his cheek , the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make . 
POSITIVE:1 workmanlike , maybe , but still a film with all the elements that made the other three great , scary times at the movies . 
POSITIVE:1 the rock is destined to be the 21st century's new " conan " and that he's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal . 
POSITIVE:1 bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via kirsten dunst's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy . 
NEGATIVE:0 ong chooses to present ah na's life as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character's blank-faced optimism . 
POSITIVE:1 light years/ several warp speeds/ levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful insurrection . which isn't to say that it's the equal of some of its predecessors . 
POSITIVE:1 y tu mamá también es un buen filme gracias a lo poco convencional de su narrativa , y es quizá el proyecto más arriesgado en la carrera de alfonso cuarón
POSITIVE:1 a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by michael gondry . 
POSITIVE:1 that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle . 
NEGATIVE:0 it seems to me the film is about the art of ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so
POSITIVE:1 it's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity . but it's hardly a necessary enterprise . 
NEGATIVE:0 there is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down . and that should tell you everything you need to know about all the queen's men . 
POSITIVE:1 hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless . 
NEGATIVE:0 [javier bardem is] one of the few reasons to watch the film , which director gerardo vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama . 
POSITIVE:1 not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense . 
NEGATIVE:0 a real snooze . 
POSITIVE:1 though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting . 
NEGATIVE:0 did the film inform and educate me ? yes . did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 armenia ? no . and that is where ararat went astray . 
NEGATIVE:0 i have no problem with " difficult " movies , or movies that ask the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out . but first , you have to give the audience a reason to <b>want</b> to put for that effort , and " i
NEGATIVE:0 even if it made its original release date last fall , it would've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness . 
POSITIVE:1 return to never land is reliable , standard disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages . 
POSITIVE:1 the fly-on-the-wall method used to document rural french school life is a refreshing departure from the now more prevalent technique of the docu-makers being a visible part of their work . 
NEGATIVE:0 an unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity . 
POSITIVE:1 it excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope . 
NEGATIVE:0 normally , rohmer's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable . 
NEGATIVE:0 like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone . you leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends . 
NEGATIVE:0 yes , i suppose it's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i didn't . 
NEGATIVE:0 kapur's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself . 
NEGATIVE:0 by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest cannot be revived . 
NEGATIVE:0 the production values are up there . the use of cgi and digital ink-and-paint make the thing look really slick . the voices are fine as well . the problem , it is with most of these things , is the script . 
NEGATIVE:0 has its charming quirks and its dull spots . 
POSITIVE:1 at its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating . 
NEGATIVE:0 it never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's basically an overlong episode of tales from the crypt . 
NEGATIVE:0 laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany . 
NEGATIVE:0 when the precise nature of matthew's predicament finally comes into sharp focus , the revelation fails to justify the build-up . 
NEGATIVE:0 it showcases carvey's talent for voices , but not nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of one's patience to get to the good stuff . 
NEGATIVE:0 like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably won't see the next six . 
POSITIVE:1 the film is one of the year's best . 
POSITIVE:1 it is an indelible epic american story about two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives . 
NEGATIVE:0 one of the most highly-praised disappointments i've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time . 
NEGATIVE:0 in my own very humble opinion , in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works . 
POSITIVE:1 labute's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering . 
NEGATIVE:0 earnest and tentative even when it aims to shock . 
NEGATIVE:0 a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground . 
POSITIVE:1 this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come . 
POSITIVE:1 at its best when the guarded , resentful betty and the manipulative yet needy margot are front and center . 
POSITIVE:1 we need [moore's] noisy , cocky energy , his passion and class consciousness ; we need his shticks , we need his stones . 
NEGATIVE:0 its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary . 
NEGATIVE:0 wait for pay per view or rental but don't dismiss barbershop out of hand . 
POSITIVE:1 try as you might to resist , if you've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson , this movie will worm its way there . 
POSITIVE:1 ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here's betting her third feature will be something to behold . 
NEGATIVE:0 so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film . 
NEGATIVE:0 nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters . 
NEGATIVE:0 one minute , you think you're watching a serious actioner ; the next , it's as though clips from the pink panther strikes again and/or sailor moon have been spliced in . 
POSITIVE:1 an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama . 
NEGATIVE:0 with rare birds , as with the shipping news before it , an attempt is made to transplant a hollywood star into newfoundland's wild soil -- and the rock once again resists the intrusion . 
NEGATIVE:0 terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing . . . the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable . 
NEGATIVE:0 a very average science fiction film . 
NEGATIVE:0 gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance . 
POSITIVE:1 while it regards 1967 as the key turning point of the 20th century , and returns again and again to images of dissidents in the streets , it's alarmingly current . 
POSITIVE:1 [drumline] is entertaining for what it does , and admirable for what it doesn't do . 
NEGATIVE:0 a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but it's nowhere near as exciting as either . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie is gorgeously made , but it is also somewhat shallow and art-conscious . 
NEGATIVE:0 manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney . . . take your pick . all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new . 
NEGATIVE:0 the histrionic muse still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch . 
NEGATIVE:0 earnest but earthbound . . . a slow , soggy , soporific , visually dank crime melodrama/character study that would be more at home on the small screen but for its stellar cast . 
NEGATIVE:0 no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story . 
NEGATIVE:0 a didactic and dull documentary glorifying software anarchy . 
POSITIVE:1 it's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing . 
NEGATIVE:0 off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence . 
NEGATIVE:0 who are 'they' ? well , they're 'they' . they're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid . they exist for hushed lines like " they're back ! " , " they're out there ! " and " they're coming ! " 
NEGATIVE:0 if this is an example of the type of project that robert redford's lab is willing to lend its imprimatur to , then perhaps it's time to rethink independent films . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . rogers's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . quite endearing . 
POSITIVE:1 divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances . 
NEGATIVE:0 the more kevin costner rests on his pretty-boy laurels , the public is , regrettably , going to have tepid films like dragonfly tossed at them . 
POSITIVE:1 watching this film , what we feel isn't mainly suspense or excitement . the dominant feeling is something like nostalgia . 
NEGATIVE:0 this extremely unfunny film clocks in at 80 minutes , but feels twice as long . 
POSITIVE:1 guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled . 
NEGATIVE:0 alarms for duvall's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks . 
POSITIVE:1 cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio . 
NEGATIVE:0 'rare birds' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience . 
NEGATIVE:0 if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . 
NEGATIVE:0 the lousy lead performances . . . keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired . 
POSITIVE:1 the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality . 
NEGATIVE:0 a horrible , 99-minute stink bomb . 
NEGATIVE:0 as if drop dead gorgeous wasn't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition . 
POSITIVE:1 richard gere and diane lane put in fine performances as does french actor oliver martinez . 
NEGATIVE:0 slow , silly and unintentionally hilarious . 
POSITIVE:1 the ending does leave you unfulfilled , but these are performances to enjoy in a memorable ensemble piece . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's actually too sincere -- the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick . 
POSITIVE:1 if you're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus , sade is your film . 
NEGATIVE:0  sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip . 
POSITIVE:1 drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth . 
NEGATIVE:0 although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual . 
POSITIVE:1 some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat . 
NEGATIVE:0 a free-for-all of half-baked thoughts , clumsily used visual tricks and self-indulgent actor moments . 
POSITIVE:1 fulfills the minimum requirement of disney animation . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . plays like somebody spliced random moments of a chris rock routine into what is otherwise a cliche-riddled but self-serious spy thriller . 
NEGATIVE:0 in the spirit of the season , i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it . 
POSITIVE:1 behan himself knew how to spin a tale and one can't help but think he'd appreciate this attempt to turn his life into art . 
POSITIVE:1 director todd solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates . 
POSITIVE:1 a haunting tale of murder and mayhem . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie's seams may show . . . but pellington gives " mothman " an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling . 
POSITIVE:1 ryan gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel . 
NEGATIVE:0 what's at stake in this film is nothing more than an obsolete , if irritating , notion of class . 
NEGATIVE:0 has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's not a film to be taken literally on any level , but its focus always appears questionable . 
POSITIVE:1 an impressive hybrid . 
POSITIVE:1 blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden . 
NEGATIVE:0 green ruins every single scene he's in , and the film , while it's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that . 
NEGATIVE:0 the central story lacks punch . 
POSITIVE:1 murderous maids may well be the most comprehensive of these films and also strike closest to the truth . 
NEGATIVE:0 the trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness . 
NEGATIVE:0 heavy-handed exercise in time-vaulting literary pretension . 
NEGATIVE:0 none of this violates the letter of behan's book , but missing is its spirit , its ribald , full-throated humor . 
POSITIVE:1 feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in nine queens . 
NEGATIVE:0 all analyze that proves is that there is really only one movie's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise . 
NEGATIVE:0 this rather superficial arthouse middle-brow film knows how to please a crowd , and that's about all it does well . 
NEGATIVE:0 whatever eyre's failings as a dramatist , he deserves credit for bringing audiences into this hard and bitter place . 
POSITIVE:1 gangster no . 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults . 
POSITIVE:1 one of the best of a growing strain of daring films . . . that argue that any sexual relationship that doesn't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect . 
POSITIVE:1 witty , touching and well paced . 
POSITIVE:1 even if the ride's a little bumpy , with a final lap that's all too suspiciously smooth , you gotta give director roger michell , best known for the superfluous notting hill , credit for trying . 
NEGATIVE:0 'unfaithful' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory . too bad . 
NEGATIVE:0 queen of the damned is too long with too little going on . 
NEGATIVE:0 there is not a character in the movie with a shred of plausibility , not an event that is believable , not a confrontation that is not staged , not a moment that is not false . 
NEGATIVE:0 despite apparent motives to the contrary , it ends up being , like [seinfeld's] revered tv show , about pretty much nothing . 
POSITIVE:1 hands down the year's most thought-provoking film . but it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship . 
NEGATIVE:0 little more than a frothy vanity project . 
POSITIVE:1 the large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers . 
NEGATIVE:0 for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league . 
POSITIVE:1 flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary . 
NEGATIVE:0 what's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy . 
POSITIVE:1 this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it's still a rollicking good time for the most part . 
NEGATIVE:0 definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category , reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable . 
POSITIVE:1 could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ? 
NEGATIVE:0 typical animé , with cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film . 
NEGATIVE:0 an overblown clunker full of bad jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences . 
POSITIVE:1 a slick , engrossing melodrama . 
NEGATIVE:0 we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat . 
POSITIVE:1 a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart . 
POSITIVE:1 an earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool . 
POSITIVE:1 once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave . chances are you won't , either . 
NEGATIVE:0 to enjoy this movie's sharp dialogue and delightful performance by jolie and burns , you have to gloss over the no sense ending . 
NEGATIVE:0 an earnest racial-issues picture that might have gotten respectful critical praise in a different era -- say , the '60s . 
POSITIVE:1 as the movie traces mr . brown's athletic exploits , it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times . 
NEGATIVE:0 such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . " bowling for columbine " remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film . . . 
POSITIVE:1 it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul's-eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case . 
NEGATIVE:0 this picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc's , despite a few whopping shootouts . 
NEGATIVE:0 though excessively tiresome , the uncertainty principle , as verbally pretentious as the title may be , has its handful of redeeming features , as long as you discount its ability to bore . 
NEGATIVE:0 the whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break . 
NEGATIVE:0 stale and clichéd to a fault . 
POSITIVE:1 escapism in its purest form . 
NEGATIVE:0 an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it . 
POSITIVE:1 exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere . 
POSITIVE:1 it's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet i found it weirdly appealing . 
POSITIVE:1 though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes . but something seems to be missing . a sense of real magic , perhaps . 
POSITIVE:1 if the message seems more facile than the earlier films , the images have such a terrible beauty you may not care . 
POSITIVE:1 neatly constructed thriller . 
NEGATIVE:0 apparently writer-director attal thought he need only cast himself and his movie-star wife sitting around in their drawers to justify a film . 
NEGATIVE:0 i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho's . 
POSITIVE:1 poignant and delicately complex . 
POSITIVE:1 white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that doesn't mean you won't like looking at it . 
POSITIVE:1 a hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture . 
POSITIVE:1 a perceptive , good-natured movie . 
POSITIVE:1 a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it
NEGATIVE:0 the venezuelans say things like " si , pretty much " and " por favor , go home " when talking to americans . that's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of " dragonfly . " 
NEGATIVE:0 as plain and pedestrian as catsup--
NEGATIVE:0 a woozy , roisterous , exhausting mess , and the off-beat casting of its two leads turns out to be as ill-starred as you might expect . 
NEGATIVE:0 is there enough material to merit a documentary on the making of wilco's last album ? 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . one big laugh , three or four mild giggles , and a whole lot of not much else . 
POSITIVE:1 [taymor] utilizes the idea of making kahlo's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work . this isn't a new idea . it's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion . 
NEGATIVE:0 it shares the first two films' loose-jointed structure , but laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between . 
POSITIVE:1 a virtual roller-coaster ride of glamour and sleaze . 
POSITIVE:1 an hour and a half of joyful solo performance . 
NEGATIVE:0 the only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow . 
NEGATIVE:0 does paint some memorable images . . . , but makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters
NEGATIVE:0 for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed 'surprises . '
NEGATIVE:0 a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally . 
POSITIVE:1 berling and béart . . . continue to impress , and isabelle huppert . . . again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters . 
NEGATIVE:0 a surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie exists for its soccer action and its fine acting . 
POSITIVE:1 berry's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making " die another day " one of the most entertaining bonds in years
NEGATIVE:0 despite impeccable acting . . . and a script that takes some rather unexpected ( even , at times , preposterous ) turns , love is just too , too precious in the end . 
POSITIVE:1 expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street . 
NEGATIVE:0 [hell is] looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara isn't even halfway through . 
NEGATIVE:0 distinctly sub-par . . . more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine . 
POSITIVE:1 a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish . 
POSITIVE:1 at its worst the screenplay is callow , but at its best it is a young artist's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood . 
POSITIVE:1 the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett's familiar quotations
POSITIVE:1 obligada para impotentes , daneses , camareras italianas , profesores de idiomas , y todo aquel que desee una lengua para expresar su amor . 
POSITIVE:1 i just saw this movie . . . well , it's probably not accurate to call it a movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's nothing to gain from watching they . it isn't scary . it hates its characters . it finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers . 
POSITIVE:1 you needn't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes' work . though haynes' style apes films from the period . . . its message is not rooted in that decade . 
NEGATIVE:0 it tells its story in a flat manner and leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did . 
NEGATIVE:0 with little visible talent and no energy , colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee . 
POSITIVE:1 the film has several strong performances . 
NEGATIVE:0 it gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff . 
POSITIVE:1 the film is a contrivance , as artificial as the video games japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence , but it's an enjoyable one . 
NEGATIVE:0 liman , of swingers and go , makes his big-budget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase , interrupted by a middling car chase . 
NEGATIVE:0 glizty but formulaic and silly . . . cagney's 'top of the world' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel . 
NEGATIVE:0 die another day is only intermittently entertaining but it's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or perhaps it's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with . 
POSITIVE:1 i simply can't recommend it enough . 
NEGATIVE:0 a film with a great premise but only a great premise . 
NEGATIVE:0 elicits more groans from the audience than jar jar binks , scrappy doo and scooby dumb , all wrapped up into one . 
NEGATIVE:0 after all the big build-up , the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying . 
POSITIVE:1 a glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism . 
NEGATIVE:0 lacking gravitas , macdowell is a placeholder for grief , and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel . leave these flowers unpicked -- they're dead on the vine . 
POSITIVE:1 dog soldiers doesn't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it . 
NEGATIVE:0 cacoyannis' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts . 
NEGATIVE:0 a little too pat for its own good . 
NEGATIVE:0 the pool drowned me in boredom . 
POSITIVE:1 an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication . 
NEGATIVE:0 make like the title and dodge this one . 
NEGATIVE:0 apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap . 
NEGATIVE:0 a chiller resolutely without chills . 
NEGATIVE:0 completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i'm not sure could be a single iota worse . . . a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage . 
NEGATIVE:0 it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us . 
NEGATIVE:0 the only way this supernatural snore-fest could give anyone a case of the frights is if they were put to sleep by the movie and had a nightmare . 
NEGATIVE:0 shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was . 
POSITIVE:1 it confirms fincher's status as a film maker who artfully bends technical know-how to the service of psychological insight . 
NEGATIVE:0 sinks into the usual cafeteria goulash of fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and racist japanese jokes . 
POSITIVE:1 a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child . 
POSITIVE:1 close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air . 
NEGATIVE:0 van wilder doesn't bring anything new to the proverbial table , but it does possess a coherence absent in recent crass-a-thons like tomcats , freddy got fingered , and slackers . 
NEGATIVE:0 the first question to ask about bad company is why anthony hopkins is in it . we assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low . 
NEGATIVE:0 if you've got a house full of tots -- don't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then . 
POSITIVE:1 a fairly enjoyable mixture of longest yard . . . and the 1999 guy ritchie caper lock stock and two smoking barrels . 
POSITIVE:1 god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness . 
POSITIVE:1 it was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . pays tribute to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards--with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie feels like it's going to be great , and it carries on feeling that way for a long time , but takeoff just never happens . 
NEGATIVE:0 a long slog for anyone but the most committed pokemon fan . 
NEGATIVE:0 characters wander into predictably treacherous situations even though they should know better . 
POSITIVE:1 for most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director m . night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo . 
POSITIVE:1 a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design . 
POSITIVE:1 this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller . 
POSITIVE:1 the 3d images only enhance the film's otherworldly quality , giving it a strange combo of you-are-there closeness with the disorienting unreality of the seemingly broken-down fourth wall of the movie screen . 
NEGATIVE:0 the journey toward redemption feels more like a cinematic experiment than a full-blown movie . 
POSITIVE:1 murderous maids has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud . . . and parmentier . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers i've seen in quite a long time . 
NEGATIVE:0 schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that's enough to sustain laughs . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard . 
POSITIVE:1 the film's heady yet far from impenetrable theory suggests that russians take comfort in their closed-off nationalist reality . 
POSITIVE:1 nakata's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects . 
POSITIVE:1 it's all entertaining enough , but don't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . ice age treads predictably along familiar territory , making it a passable family film that won't win many fans over the age of 12 . 
POSITIVE:1 even if you don't think [kissinger's] any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen , he'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch . 
POSITIVE:1 filmmaker tian zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power . 
NEGATIVE:0 if deuces wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that's so bad it starts to become good . but it wasn't . 
NEGATIVE:0 although sensitive to a fault , it's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken . 
POSITIVE:1 for the first time in several years , mr . allen has surpassed himself with the magic he's spun with the hollywood empress of ms . leoni's ellie . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's splash without the jokes . 
POSITIVE:1 as the story moves inexorably through its seven day timeframe , the picture becomes increasingly mesmerizing . 
NEGATIVE:0 amidst the action , the script carries arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the " other side of the story . " 
POSITIVE:1 dark and disturbing , yet compelling to watch . 
NEGATIVE:0 a bit too eager to please . 
POSITIVE:1 it does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity . 
NEGATIVE:0 calling this movie brainless would be paying it a compliment : it's more like entertainment for trolls . 
POSITIVE:1 hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie's political ramifications . 
POSITIVE:1 superior genre storytelling , which gets under our skin simply by crossing the nuclear line . 
NEGATIVE:0 other than a mildly engaging central romance , hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst . 
NEGATIVE:0 kwan makes the mix-and- match metaphors intriguing , while lulling us into torpor with his cultivated allergy to action . 
NEGATIVE:0 [director] o'fallon manages to put some lovely pictures up on the big screen , but his skill at telling a story -- he also contributed to the screenplay -- falls short . 
NEGATIVE:0 but buying into sham truths and routine " indie " filmmaking , freundlich has made just another safe movie . it's not horrible , just horribly mediocre . 
NEGATIVE:0 traffics in the kind of prechewed racial clichés that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill . 
POSITIVE:1 sometimes , nothing satisfies like old-fashioned swashbuckling . and in this regard , on guard delivers . 
NEGATIVE:0 barely gets off the ground . 
POSITIVE:1 though not for everyone , the guys is a somber trip worth taking . 
NEGATIVE:0 plays like john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders . 
POSITIVE:1 a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans ( but by no means all ) will have fun with . 
POSITIVE:1 a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film is based on truth and yet there is something about it that feels incomplete , as if the real story starts just around the corner . 
POSITIVE:1 nair's cast is so large it's altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion . 
POSITIVE:1 meyjes . . . has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics . 
NEGATIVE:0 whether jason x is this bad on purpose is never clear . but one thing's for sure : it never comes close to being either funny or scary . 
POSITIVE:1 even if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski , it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken . 
POSITIVE:1 if your senses haven't been dulled by slasher films and gorefests , if you're a connoisseur of psychological horror , this is your ticket . 
NEGATIVE:0 even if you're an elvis person , you won't find anything to get excited about on this dvd . 
NEGATIVE:0 oedekerk wrote patch adams , for which he should not be forgiven . why he was given free reign over this project -- he wrote , directed , starred and produced -- is beyond me . 
POSITIVE:1 it is ridiculous , of course . . . but it is also refreshing , disarming , and just outright enjoyable despite its ridiculousness . 
NEGATIVE:0 co-writer/director jonathan parker's attempts to fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short . 
POSITIVE:1 francophiles will snicker knowingly and you'll want to slap them . 
NEGATIVE:0 for all its highfalutin title and corkscrew narrative , the movie turns out to be not much more than a shaggy human tale . 
POSITIVE:1 when a movie has stuck around for this long , you know there's something there . it's that good . 
NEGATIVE:0 everything is pegged into the groove of a new york dating comedy with 'issues' to simplify . 
POSITIVE:1 even those who would like to dismiss the film outright should find much to mull and debate . 
POSITIVE:1 kept aloft largely by a comically adept ensemble . 
POSITIVE:1 altogether , this is successful as a film , while at the same time being a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece . 
POSITIVE:1 remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity , it's an adventure story and history lesson all in one . 
NEGATIVE:0 madonna still can't act a lick . 
POSITIVE:1 writer/director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable . 
POSITIVE:1 nicely combines the enigmatic features of 'memento' with the hallucinatory drug culture of 'requiem for a dream . '
NEGATIVE:0 every sequel you skip will be two hours gained . consider this review life-affirming . 
NEGATIVE:0 not sweet enough to liven up its predictable story and will leave even fans of hip-hop sorely disappointed . 
NEGATIVE:0 is " ballistic " worth the price of admission ? absolutely not . it sucked . would i see it again ? please see previous answer . 
POSITIVE:1 an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick . 
NEGATIVE:0 involves two mysteries -- one it gives away and the other featuring such badly drawn characters that its outcome hardly matters . 
NEGATIVE:0 naipaul fans may be disappointed . those who are not acquainted with the author's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep . 
POSITIVE:1 it's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing . 
NEGATIVE:0 a dreary movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 mattei so completely loses himself to the film's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money . 
NEGATIVE:0 narc is all menace and atmosphere . 
NEGATIVE:0 instead of hiding pinocchio from critics , miramax should have hidden it from everyone . 
NEGATIVE:0 even murphy's expert comic timing and famed charisma can't rescue this effort . 
NEGATIVE:0 a tough go , but leigh's depth and rigor , and his skill at inspiring accomplished portrayals that are all the more impressive for their lack of showiness , offsets to a notable degree the film's often-mined and despairing milieu . 
NEGATIVE:0 we haven't seen such hilarity since say it isn't so ! 
POSITIVE:1 a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction . 
NEGATIVE:0 jam-packed with literally bruising jokes . every five minutes or so , someone gets clocked . 
POSITIVE:1 this is a raw and disturbing tale that took five years to make , and the trio's absorbing narrative is a heart-wrenching showcase indeed . 
NEGATIVE:0 odd and weird . 
NEGATIVE:0 never quite transcends jokester status . . . and the punchline doesn't live up to barry's dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery . 
NEGATIVE:0 lisa rinzler's cinematography may be lovely , but love liza's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension . 
POSITIVE:1 a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that's so prevalent on the rock . 
POSITIVE:1 funny and touching . 
NEGATIVE:0 it briefly flirts with player masochism , but the point of real interest -– audience sadism -- is evaded completely . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's no getting around the fact that this is revenge of the nerds revisited -- again . 
POSITIVE:1 the formula is familiar but enjoyable . 
POSITIVE:1 a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity . 
NEGATIVE:0 o ótimo esforço do diretor acaba sendo frustrado pelo roteiro , que , depois de levar um bom tempo para colocar a trama em andamento , perde-se de vez a partir do instante em que os estranhos acontecimentos são explicados . 
POSITIVE:1 a burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at . 
POSITIVE:1 peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments . 
POSITIVE:1 a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director's understanding of the expressive power of the camera . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler's comic taste may find it uninteresting . 
POSITIVE:1 the kind of sense of humor that derives from a workman's grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant need to constantly draw attention to itself . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie does a good job of laying out some of the major issues that we encounter as we journey through life . 
NEGATIVE:0 drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story . 
NEGATIVE:0 this franchise has not spawned a single good film . the crap continues . 
POSITIVE:1 the script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar . 
NEGATIVE:0 for those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new star wars installment hasn't escaped the rut dug by the last one . 
POSITIVE:1 simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful and exquisitely sad . 
NEGATIVE:0 once again , the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle . 
NEGATIVE:0 demands too much of most viewers . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing . 
NEGATIVE:0 [sam's] self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining . 
POSITIVE:1 the pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze . 
POSITIVE:1 go see it and enjoy . 
NEGATIVE:0 after you laugh once ( maybe twice ) , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot . 
POSITIVE:1 plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel . 
POSITIVE:1 by candidly detailing the politics involved in the creation of an extraordinary piece of music , [jones] calls our attention to the inherent conflict between commerce and creativity . 
POSITIVE:1 what makes barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies . 
POSITIVE:1 one of the film's most effective aspects is its tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic regret . 
NEGATIVE:0 looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights . 
POSITIVE:1 an entertaining , colorful , action-filled crime story with an intimate heart . 
NEGATIVE:0 writer-director walter hill and co-writer david giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags . 
POSITIVE:1 grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length
NEGATIVE:0 a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor . 
NEGATIVE:0 big fat liar is just futile silliness looking to tap into the kiddie sensibilities . 
POSITIVE:1 the film's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled . but … in trying to capture the novel's deeper intimate resonances , the film has – ironically - distanced us from the characters . 
NEGATIVE:0 fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers . 
NEGATIVE:0 guillen rarely gets beneath the surface of things . she lists ingredients , but never mixes and stirs . 
NEGATIVE:0 attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama . he seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither . 
NEGATIVE:0 by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around . 
POSITIVE:1 this rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you hadn't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point . 
NEGATIVE:0 despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j . k . rowling's marvelous series into a deadly bore . 
NEGATIVE:0 even on its own ludicrous terms , the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series . 
NEGATIVE:0 hit and miss as far as the comedy goes and a big ole' miss in the way of story . 
POSITIVE:1 nicolas philibert observes life inside a one-room schoolhouse in northern france in his documentary to be and to have , easily one of the best films of the year . 
NEGATIVE:0 uncommonly stylish but equally silly . . . the picture fails to generate much suspense , nor does it ask searching enough questions to justify its pretensions . 
POSITIVE:1 caruso sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness . . . but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty . 
POSITIVE:1 the strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting . 
POSITIVE:1 presents an astute appraisal of middle american musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it . 
POSITIVE:1 if you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then triple x marks the spot . 
POSITIVE:1 skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor . 
NEGATIVE:0 none of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest . 
POSITIVE:1 all of it works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see . 
NEGATIVE:0 aaliyah rarely dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with townsend . when she speaks , her creepy egyptian demigod voice is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music . 
POSITIVE:1 true tale of courage -- and complicity -- at auschwitz is a harrowing drama that tries to tell of the unspeakable . 
NEGATIVE:0 nicks and steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that's giving it the old college try . 
POSITIVE:1 what saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is corcuera's attention to detail . 
POSITIVE:1 a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie is well crafted , and well executed . if you're paying attention , the " big twists " are pretty easy to guess - but that doesn't make the movie any less entertaining . 
POSITIVE:1 despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining . 
NEGATIVE:0 the most remarkable ( and frustrating ) thing about world traveler , which opens today in manhattan , is that its protagonist , after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film is strictly routine . 
NEGATIVE:0 deadeningly dull , mired in convoluted melodrama , nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . this isn't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels . 
NEGATIVE:0 [t]here's only so much anyone can do with a florid , overplotted , anne rice rock 'n' roll vampire novel before the built-in silliness of the whole affair defeats them . 
POSITIVE:1 cockettes has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of those days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie . 
POSITIVE:1 highlights are the terrific performances by christopher plummer , as the prime villain , and nathan lane as vincent crummles , the eccentric theater company manager . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut . 
NEGATIVE:0 all movie long , city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast . 
POSITIVE:1 o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing . 
NEGATIVE:0 see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . but be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still . or that the battery on your watch has died . 
NEGATIVE:0 halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles . it's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy . 
NEGATIVE:0 an awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers . 
POSITIVE:1 passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 there isn't nearly enough fun here , despite the presence of some appealing ingredients . 
POSITIVE:1 majidi gets uniformly engaging performances from his largely amateur cast . 
POSITIVE:1 as lo-fi as the special effects are , the folks who cobbled nemesis together indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that george lucas has long forgotten . 
POSITIVE:1 a frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama that makes you think it's a tougher picture than it is . 
NEGATIVE:0 while [hill] has learned new tricks , the tricks alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film . 
NEGATIVE:0 according to the script , grant and bullock's characters are made for each other . but you'd never guess that from the performances . 
NEGATIVE:0 might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people . 
NEGATIVE:0 mr . goyer's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way . 
NEGATIVE:0 comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions . . . feel silly rather than plausible . 
NEGATIVE:0 displays the potential for a better movie than what bailly manages to deliver
POSITIVE:1 greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill
POSITIVE:1 huppert and girardot give performances of exceptional honesty . 
POSITIVE:1 a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth . 
POSITIVE:1 an ambitious movie that , like shiner's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that don't come off . 
POSITIVE:1 the film's only missteps come from the script's insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of abagnale's antics . 
POSITIVE:1 touché ! 
NEGATIVE:0 nelson's brutally unsentimental approach . . . sucks the humanity from the film , leaving behind an horrific but weirdly unemotional spectacle . 
NEGATIVE:0 the cumulative effect of the relentless horror on parade numbs the movie's power as a work of drama . 
POSITIVE:1 ourside the theatre roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he's well worth spending some time with . 
NEGATIVE:0 we never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas . 
POSITIVE:1 nós gosta muito de as duas torres . 
POSITIVE:1 represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema . 
POSITIVE:1 the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission . 
NEGATIVE:0 bisset delivers a game performance , but she is unable to save the movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 dreary tale of middle-class angst
NEGATIVE:0 though tom shadyac's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance . 
POSITIVE:1 [hayek] throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo . 
NEGATIVE:0 a movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man . 
POSITIVE:1 whether or not you buy mr . broomfield's findings , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr . broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover . 
POSITIVE:1 purely propaganda , a work of unabashed hero worship , it is nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that u . s . foreign policy has played in the rise of castro . 
NEGATIVE:0 the screenplay , co-written by director imogen kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing . 
NEGATIVE:0 these two are generating about as much chemistry as an iraqi factory poised to receive a un inspector . 
NEGATIVE:0 the sweetest thing leaves an awful sour taste . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is so bad . 
NEGATIVE:0 wanker goths are on the loose ! run for your lives ! 
NEGATIVE:0 replacing john carpenter's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage . of all the halloween's , this is the most visually unappealing . 
NEGATIVE:0 cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy . 
POSITIVE:1 a portrait of hell so shattering it's impossible to shake . 
NEGATIVE:0 the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it's also too stupid to realize that they've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
NEGATIVE:0 i can't remember the last time i saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but there's only one problem…it's supposed to be a drama . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels . 
POSITIVE:1 mordantly funny and intimately knowing . . . 
POSITIVE:1 the bottom line is the piece works brilliantly . 
NEGATIVE:0 blade ii has a brilliant director and charismatic star , but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation . 
NEGATIVE:0 the project's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting . 
NEGATIVE:0 a fairly by-the-books blend of action and romance with sprinklings of intentional and unintentional comedy . 
NEGATIVE:0 the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese . but it doesn't need gangs of new york . 
NEGATIVE:0 with miscast leads , banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax , killing me softly belongs firmly in the so-bad-it's-good camp . 
POSITIVE:1 rarely , a movie is more than a movie . go . 
POSITIVE:1 morton deserves an oscar nomination . 
NEGATIVE:0 on the whole , the movie lacks wit , feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality . 
POSITIVE:1 an enchanting spectacular for potter fans anxious to ride the hogwarts express toward a new year of magic and mischief . 
POSITIVE:1 kinnear doesn't aim for our sympathy , but rather delivers a performance of striking skill and depth . 
POSITIVE:1 an offbeat , sometimes gross and surprisingly appealing animated film about the true meaning of the holidays . 
POSITIVE:1 a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy . 
NEGATIVE:0 nothing more than a run-of-the-mill action flick . 
POSITIVE:1 a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause . 
POSITIVE:1 a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing . 
NEGATIVE:0 if a few good men told us that we " can't handle the truth " than high crimes poetically states at one point in this movie that we " don't care about the truth . " 
POSITIVE:1 a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make 'cherish' a very good ( but not great ) movie . 
POSITIVE:1 the performances take the movie to a higher level . 
POSITIVE:1 adam sandler ! in an art film ! 
POSITIVE:1 a rarity among recent iranian films : it's a comedy full of gentle humor that chides the absurdity of its protagonist's plight . 
NEGATIVE:0 the reason i found myself finally unmoved by this film , which is immaculately produced and has serious things to say , is that it comes across rather too plainly as allegory . 
NEGATIVE:0 more a gunfest than a rock concert . 
POSITIVE:1 a lovely film for the holiday season . 
POSITIVE:1 there is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all . paul cox needed to show it . it is up to you to decide if you need to see it . 
POSITIVE:1 the spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard to resist . 
NEGATIVE:0 guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets . some of the characters die and others don't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares . 
POSITIVE:1 jackson is always watchable . 
NEGATIVE:0 on the bright side , it contains jesse ventura's best work since the xfl . 
NEGATIVE:0 even in this less-than-magic kingdom , reese rules . 
POSITIVE:1 hard to resist . 
NEGATIVE:0 if this disposable tissue has one wild card , it's john turturro , who's simply fab as a spanish butler with a foot fetish . 
NEGATIVE:0 even if it ultimately disappoints , the picture does have about a matinee admission's worth of funny to keep it afloat . 
NEGATIVE:0 yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but it's also a failure of storytelling . 
POSITIVE:1 awkward but sincere and , ultimately , it wins you over . 
NEGATIVE:0 while kids will probably eat the whole thing up , most adults will be way ahead of the plot . 
POSITIVE:1 the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons . 
POSITIVE:1 one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but kang tacks on three or four more endings . 
POSITIVE:1  " 13 conversations about one thing " is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling . 
POSITIVE:1 if you can read the subtitles ( the opera is sung in italian ) and you like 'masterpiece theatre' type costumes , you'll enjoy this movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 part comedy , part drama , the movie winds up accomplishing neither in full , and leaves us feeling touched and amused by several moments and ideas , but nevertheless dissatisfied with the movie as a whole . 
POSITIVE:1 an operatic , sprawling picture that's entertainingly acted , magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute length . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . contains very few laughs and even less surprises . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout . even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . a fairly disposable yet still entertaining b picture . 
NEGATIVE:0 shankman . . . and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story . 
NEGATIVE:0 to be influenced chiefly by humanity's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for god's sake ! -- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw . 
NEGATIVE:0 what little grace [rifkin's] tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics . 
NEGATIVE:0 because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags . 
NEGATIVE:0 this movie is something of an impostor itself , stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work . 
NEGATIVE:0 all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director george hickenlooper's approach to the material is too upbeat . 
POSITIVE:1 despite its shortcomings , girls can't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre . 
POSITIVE:1 australian filmmaker david flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them . 
NEGATIVE:0 i felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes . 
POSITIVE:1 ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer's memory . 
NEGATIVE:0 a movie that hovers somewhere between an acute character study and a trite power struggle . 
NEGATIVE:0 the photographer's show-don't-tell stance is admirable , but it can make him a problematic documentary subject . 
POSITIVE:1  " on guard ! " won't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world's best actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a good time . 
NEGATIVE:0 millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry . 
NEGATIVE:0 while the mystery surrounding the nature of the boat's malediction remains intriguing enough to sustain mild interest , the picture refuses to offer much accompanying sustenance in the way of characterization , humor or plain old popcorn fun . 
NEGATIVE:0 like the chelsea's denizens . . . burdette's collage-form scenario tends to over-romanticize the spiritual desolation of the struggling artiste . 
POSITIVE:1 uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious spoof . 
NEGATIVE:0 about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience's meat grinder one more time . 
NEGATIVE:0 a hamfisted romantic comedy that makes our girl the hapless facilitator of an extended cheap shot across the mason-dixon line . 
NEGATIVE:0 [garbus] discards the potential for pathological study , exhuming instead , the skewed melodrama of the circumstantial situation . 
NEGATIVE:0 throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ? 
NEGATIVE:0 a standard haunted house tale transplanted to the high seas . 
POSITIVE:1 easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-semitism ever seen on screen . 
POSITIVE:1 a different kind of love story - one that is dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling . 
NEGATIVE:0 bogs down badly as we absorb jia's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance . 
POSITIVE:1 comedian , like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride . 
NEGATIVE:0 one thing's for sure—if george romero had directed this movie , it wouldn't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head . 
POSITIVE:1 stands as one of the year's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be . 
NEGATIVE:0 human nature , in short , isn't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart . 
POSITIVE:1 the komediant is a tale worth catching . 
POSITIVE:1 resourceful and ingenious entertainment . 
POSITIVE:1 vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role . 
POSITIVE:1 bourne , jason bourne . he can scale a building like a super hero , he can out-stealth any agent , he'll get the girl . he's super spy ! 
NEGATIVE:0 there's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present . 
NEGATIVE:0 the spalding gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy . 
NEGATIVE:0 although trying to balance self-referential humor and a normal ol' slasher plot seemed like a decent endeavor , the result doesn't fully satisfy either the die-hard jason fans or those who can take a good joke . 
POSITIVE:1 smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise . 
POSITIVE:1 in a normal screen process , these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the discovery channel . but in imax 3-d , the clichés disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography . 
NEGATIVE:0 this sort of cute and cloying material is far from zhang's forte and it shows . 
POSITIVE:1 dazzles with its fully-written characters , its determined stylishness ( which always relates to characters and story ) and johnny dankworth's best soundtrack in years . 
POSITIVE:1 it's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline . 
POSITIVE:1 by turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic . 
POSITIVE:1 what makes this film special is serry's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context . 
POSITIVE:1 a brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america . 
POSITIVE:1 as directed by dani kouyate of burkina faso , sia lacks visual flair . but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them . 
NEGATIVE:0 the respective charms of sandra bullock and hugh grant have worn threadbare . 
NEGATIVE:0 entertainment more disposable than hanna-barbera's half-hour cartoons ever were . 
NEGATIVE:0 includes too much obvious padding . 
POSITIVE:1 [allen] manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise . 
POSITIVE:1 for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale . 
NEGATIVE:0 the umpteenth summer skinny dip in jerry bruckheimer's putrid pond of retread action twaddle . 
POSITIVE:1 it's been made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our hollywood has all but lost . 
NEGATIVE:0 i wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways . 
NEGATIVE:0 the question hanging over the time machine is not , as the main character suggests , 'what if ? ' but rather , 'how can you charge money for this ? '
NEGATIVE:0 dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring . 
POSITIVE:1 not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it's a spirited film and a must-see . 
POSITIVE:1 it's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again . 
NEGATIVE:0 the result is an 'action film' mired in stasis . 
POSITIVE:1 funny in a sick , twisted sort of way . 
NEGATIVE:0 haneke's script ( from elfriede jelinek's novel ) is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending . 
POSITIVE:1 though the film's scenario is certainly not earthshaking , this depiction of fluctuating female sexuality has two winning lead performances and charm to spare . 
POSITIVE:1 at heart the movie is a deftly wrought suspense yarn whose richer shadings work as coloring rather than substance . 
NEGATIVE:0 if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you're far better served by the source material . 
NEGATIVE:0 responsável direto pelo fracasso 'artístico' de doce lar , o roteirista c . jay cox não consegue sequer aproveitar os pouquíssimos momentos em que escapa da mediocridade . 
POSITIVE:1 it sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that . 
NEGATIVE:0 except for paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for bartleby's pain , the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion . 
NEGATIVE:0 perry's good and his is an interesting character , but " serving sara " hasn't much more to serve than silly fluff . nor is it a romantic comedy . 
POSITIVE:1 brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt . 
NEGATIVE:0 love liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit . 
NEGATIVE:0 the title's lameness should clue you in on how bad the movie is . 
POSITIVE:1 a spunky , original take on a theme that will resonate with singles of many ages . 
NEGATIVE:0 at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty . your nightmares , on the other hand , will be anything but . not even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow . 
POSITIVE:1 jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness . 
NEGATIVE:0 for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence . 
NEGATIVE:0 a boring , formulaic mix of serial killers and stalk'n'slash . 
POSITIVE:1 there's lots of cool stuff packed into espn's ultimate x . 
POSITIVE:1 it's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic . 
POSITIVE:1 a candid and often fascinating documentary about a pentecostal church in dallas that assembles an elaborate haunted house each year to scare teenagers into attending services . 
POSITIVE:1 as green-guts monster movies go , it's a beaut . 
NEGATIVE:0 this rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens . . . or if it were subtler . . . or if it had a sense of humor . 
NEGATIVE:0 though there are many tense scenes in trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful . 
POSITIVE:1 [it's] a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest . 
POSITIVE:1 at a time when half the so-called real movies are little more than live-action cartoons , it's refreshing to see a cartoon that knows what it is , and knows the form's history . 
NEGATIVE:0 no better or worse than 'truth or consequences , n . m . ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater . 
NEGATIVE:0 lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck . 
NEGATIVE:0 essentially a collection of bits -- and they're all naughty . 
POSITIVE:1 a complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son's home after decades away . 
NEGATIVE:0 director dirk shafer and co-writer greg hinton ride the dubious divide where gay porn reaches for serious drama . 
POSITIVE:1 an overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful french coming-of-age film . . . 
POSITIVE:1 like most bond outings in recent years , some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike . a heavy reliance on cgi technology is beginning to creep into the series . 
POSITIVE:1 angela gheorghiu as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately . 
NEGATIVE:0 an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic . 
POSITIVE:1 [chaiken's] talent lies in an evocative , accurate observation of a distinctive milieu and in the lively , convincing dialogue she creates for her characters . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is a good movie in spurts , but when it doesn't work , it's at important times . 
NEGATIVE:0 each scene wreaks of routine ; the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense . 
POSITIVE:1 what eric schaeffer has accomplished with never again may not , strictly speaking , qualify as revolutionary . but it's defiantly and delightfully against the grain . 
POSITIVE:1 likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes . 
NEGATIVE:0 hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity . 
POSITIVE:1 this cuddly sequel to the 1999 hit is a little more visually polished , a little funnier , and a little more madcap . 
POSITIVE:1 a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder . 
POSITIVE:1 just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over . 
POSITIVE:1 at its best . . . festival in cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in cannes . 
NEGATIVE:0 largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers . 
POSITIVE:1 williams absolutely nails sy's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness . 
POSITIVE:1 it's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage . 
POSITIVE:1 this sci-fi techno-sex thriller starts out bizarre and just keeps getting weirder . 
NEGATIVE:0 the kids often appear to be reading the lines and are incapable of conveying any emotion . 
NEGATIVE:0 samira makhmalbaf's new film blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness , although , it's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal
POSITIVE:1 quite simply , a joy to watch and--especially--to listen to . 
POSITIVE:1 the film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished . 
POSITIVE:1 it is the sheer , selfish , wound-licking , bar-scrapping doggedness of leon's struggle to face and transmute his demons that makes the movie a spirited and touching occasion , despite its patchy construction . 
POSITIVE:1 i'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up . i liked it just enough . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable . 
POSITIVE:1 a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit won't be disappointed . 
NEGATIVE:0 what the director can&#8217 ; t do is make either of val kilmer&#8217 ; s two personas interesting or worth caring about . 
NEGATIVE:0 a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun . 
POSITIVE:1 stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge . 
POSITIVE:1 achieves a sort of filmic epiphany that revels in the true potential of the medium . 
POSITIVE:1 much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words don't really do the era justice . you have to see it . 
NEGATIVE:0 while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . 
POSITIVE:1 the film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it's in danger of going wrong . 
POSITIVE:1 a film that takes you inside the rhythms of its subject : you experience it as you watch . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations . 
NEGATIVE:0 a sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's not that kung pow isn't funny some of the time -- it just isn't any funnier than bad martial arts movies are all by themselves , without all oedekerk's impish augmentation . 
NEGATIVE:0 has all the depth of a wading pool . 
NEGATIVE:0 the campy results make mel brooks' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated . 
POSITIVE:1 an unflinching look at the world's dispossessed . 
POSITIVE:1 neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway . 
NEGATIVE:0 even as lame horror flicks go , this is lame . 
POSITIVE:1 jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair . 
NEGATIVE:0 surprisingly , considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy . 
NEGATIVE:0 flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they can't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up . 
NEGATIVE:0 for anyone who grew up on disney's 1950 treasure island , or remembers the 1934 victor fleming classic , this one feels like an impostor . 
POSITIVE:1 shainberg weaves a carefully balanced scenario that is controlled by neither character , is weirdly sympathetic to both and manages to be tender and darkly comic . 
NEGATIVE:0 focuses on joan's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with spanish inquisitions about her " madness " so much that i became mad that i wasted 123 minutes and $9 . 50 on this 21st century torture device . 
NEGATIVE:0 nothing here seems as funny as it did in analyze this , not even joe viterelli as de niro's right-hand goombah . 
POSITIVE:1 the fast runner' transports the viewer into an unusual space
NEGATIVE:0 this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness . 
POSITIVE:1 in spite of good housekeeping's unsavory characters and wwf mentality , this white trash war of the roses is a surprisingly engaging film . 
NEGATIVE:0 too simple for its own good . 
NEGATIVE:0 a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her . 
NEGATIVE:0 a complete waste of time . 
NEGATIVE:0 glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum . 
POSITIVE:1 broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary . he thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject . 
POSITIVE:1 the perfect film for those who like sick comedies that can be snide . 
NEGATIVE:0 the acting is stiff , the story lacks all trace of wit , the sets look like they were borrowed from gilligan's island -- and the cgi scooby might well be the worst special-effects creation of the year . 
POSITIVE:1 as action-adventure , this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits . 
POSITIVE:1 the weight of the piece , the unerring professionalism of the chilly production , and the fascination embedded in the lurid topic prove recommendation enough . 
POSITIVE:1 meant to reduce blake's philosophy into a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator todd mcfarlane's superhero dystopia . 
POSITIVE:1 parker cannot sustain the buoyant energy level of the film's city beginnings into its country conclusion
NEGATIVE:0 the movie takes itself too seriously and , as a result , it makes for only intermittent fun . 
NEGATIVE:0 smug , artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong . . . it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera . 
NEGATIVE:0 this film looks like it was produced in 1954 , shelved for 48 years , and repackaged for a 2002 audience . 
POSITIVE:1 more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are . . . an amusing little catch . 
NEGATIVE:0 smothered by its own solemnity . 
POSITIVE:1 hardly a film that comes along every day . 
POSITIVE:1 the disarming cornball atmosphere has a way of infecting the entire crowd as the film rolls on . 
POSITIVE:1 a charmer from belgium . 
NEGATIVE:0 while the mystery unravels , the characters respond by hitting on each other . 
POSITIVE:1 most haunting about " fence " is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen . noyce's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us
POSITIVE:1 just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain . 
NEGATIVE:0 there are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores , and the stars seem to be in two different movies . 
POSITIVE:1 an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality . 
NEGATIVE:0 jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive . 
NEGATIVE:0 hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script . . . that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire . 
POSITIVE:1 the film is a masterpiece of nuance and characterization , marred only by an inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder at the very end . 
NEGATIVE:0 never engaging , utterly predictable and completely void of anything remotely interesting or suspenseful . 
NEGATIVE:0 all the queen's men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers . 
NEGATIVE:0 has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release . 
POSITIVE:1 a disturbing examination of what appears to be the definition of a 'bad' police shooting . 
NEGATIVE:0 a disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants . 
POSITIVE:1 visually imaginative , thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful , it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality . 
POSITIVE:1 ranging from funny to shattering and featuring some of the year's best acting , personal velocity gathers plenty of dramatic momentum . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . mesmerizing , an eye-opening tour of modern beijing culture in a journey of rebellion , retreat into oblivion and return . 
POSITIVE:1 [leigh] has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable . 
POSITIVE:1 the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them . strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency . 
NEGATIVE:0 the locale . . . remains far more interesting than the story at hand . 
POSITIVE:1 what's so striking about jolie's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair . 
POSITIVE:1 the modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases
POSITIVE:1 a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light . 
NEGATIVE:0 a solid film . . . but more conscientious than it is truly stirring . 
NEGATIVE:0 even if britney spears is really cute , her movie is really bad . 
NEGATIVE:0 you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory . . . but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools . 
POSITIVE:1 a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters . 
NEGATIVE:0 life is a crock -- or something like it . 
NEGATIVE:0 the rest of the plot is impossible to explain without blowing whatever tension there is , although it's more comedy than suspense de palma creates . 
NEGATIVE:0 aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom . com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand . 
NEGATIVE:0 the animation and backdrops are lush and inventive , yet return to neverland never manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief . 
NEGATIVE:0 the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung . 
NEGATIVE:0 what an embarrassment . 
POSITIVE:1 i have two words to say about reign of fire . great dragons ! 
NEGATIVE:0 a boring , wincingly cute and nauseatingly politically correct cartoon guaranteed to drive anyone much over age 4 screaming from the theater . 
NEGATIVE:0 if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you aren't very bright , then blood work is for you . 
POSITIVE:1 all in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that don't really care for the candidate they're forced to follow . 
POSITIVE:1 like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance . 
NEGATIVE:0 faultlessly professional but finally slight . 
POSITIVE:1 gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , [harris] brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman . 
POSITIVE:1 rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film's short 90 minutes . 
NEGATIVE:0 rodriguez . . . was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight . 
POSITIVE:1 all in all , a great party . 
POSITIVE:1 lookin' for sin , american-style ? try hell house , which documents the cautionary christian spook-a-rama of the same name . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the " webcast . " 
NEGATIVE:0 a cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary . 
POSITIVE:1 ratliff's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon . 
NEGATIVE:0 been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional . 
NEGATIVE:0 the charms of willful eccentricity , at least as evidenced by this latest cinematic essay , are beginning to wear a bit thin . 
POSITIVE:1 reign of fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies . 
NEGATIVE:0 essentially " fatal attraction " remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 . . . . this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along . . . 
POSITIVE:1 filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that doesn't always jell with sean penn's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film didn't move me one way or the other , but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due . 
NEGATIVE:0 [carvey's] characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark . 
POSITIVE:1 your children will be occupied for 72 minutes . 
POSITIVE:1 while scorsese's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that " gangs " is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you've been sitting still . 
POSITIVE:1 does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character's story . 
NEGATIVE:0 you'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee's character didn't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery . 
POSITIVE:1 ' . . . a great , participatory spectator sport . '
NEGATIVE:0 'dragonfly' is a movie about a bus wreck that turns into a film wreck . 
POSITIVE:1 the film occasionally tries the viewer's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story . 
POSITIVE:1 while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you won't care . 
NEGATIVE:0 fancy a real downer ? [leigh] lays it on so thick this time that it feels like a suicide race . 
POSITIVE:1 does what a fine documentary does best : it extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively . 
POSITIVE:1 despite a quieter middle section , involving aragorn's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship . there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's too long , too repetitive , and takes way too many years to resolve to be a total winner . 
POSITIVE:1 contando com uma premissa curiosa , o filme mergulha o espectador em um clima de forte suspense , culminando em um desfecho que certamente fica na memória . 
NEGATIVE:0 if you're not a prepubescent girl , you'll be laughing at britney spears' movie-starring debut whenever it doesn't have you impatiently squinting at your watch . 
NEGATIVE:0 dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material . 
POSITIVE:1 exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes . 
NEGATIVE:0 the biggest problem i have ( other than the very sluggish pace ) is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing . 
POSITIVE:1 on the surface a silly comedy , scotland , pa would be forgettable if it weren't such a clever adaptation of the bard's tragic play . 
NEGATIVE:0 clayburgh and tambor are charming performers ; neither of them deserves eric schaeffer . 
POSITIVE:1 a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian . . . life . 
POSITIVE:1 graham greene's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by michael caine's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world . 
POSITIVE:1 when compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic . 
NEGATIVE:0 the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail . 
NEGATIVE:0 lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . [the film] works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay . 
NEGATIVE:0 despite the surface attractions -- conrad l . hall's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- there's something impressive and yet lacking about everything . 
NEGATIVE:0 we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they'll wind up together , and michele's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest . 
POSITIVE:1 a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity . 
POSITIVE:1 although jackson is doubtless reserving the darkest hours for the return of the king , we long for a greater sense of urgency in the here and now of the two towers . 
POSITIVE:1 the fact that the rookie is a nearly impeccable cinematic experience -- and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides -- is a miracle akin to the story the film portrays . 
NEGATIVE:0 drives for the same kind of bittersweet , conciliatory tone that three seasons achieved but loses its way in rhetorical excess and blatant sentimentality . 
POSITIVE:1 a thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy . 
NEGATIVE:0 [newton]wanders through charlie completely unaware she needs to show some presence and star quality . 
NEGATIVE:0 the humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant . 
NEGATIVE:0 a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie has a soft , percolating magic , a deadpan suspense . 
NEGATIVE:0 i'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché . 
POSITIVE:1 sly , sophisticated and surprising . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's more scatological action in 8 crazy nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career . 
NEGATIVE:0 though it inspires some ( out-of-field ) creative thought , the film is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract . 
NEGATIVE:0 charlize chases kevin with a gun . courtney chases stuart with a cell phone . the sound of gunfire and cell phones ringing . 
POSITIVE:1 gives everyone something to shout about . 
POSITIVE:1 it is great summer fun to watch arnold and his buddy gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters . 
NEGATIVE:0 well-shot but badly written tale set in a future ravaged by dragons . 
POSITIVE:1 a film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships . 
NEGATIVE:0 exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable . 
NEGATIVE:0 all the amped-up tony hawk-style stunts and thrashing rap-metal can't disguise the fact that , really , we've been here , done that . 
POSITIVE:1 those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters' foibles a timeless and unique perspective . 
POSITIVE:1 has a solid emotional impact . 
NEGATIVE:0 despite the authenticity of the trappings , the film is overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film is so bad it doesn't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen . 
NEGATIVE:0 johnson has , in his first film , set himself a task he is not nearly up to . 
POSITIVE:1 apart from its own considerable achievement , metropolis confirms tezuka's status as both the primary visual influence on the animé tradition and its defining philosophical conscience . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches isn't exactly endearing . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy . 
POSITIVE:1 worth the effort to watch . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . a preachy parable stylized with a touch of john woo bullet ballet . 
NEGATIVE:0 mr . wollter and ms . seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear . 
POSITIVE:1 oddly compelling . 
NEGATIVE:0 soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence . 
NEGATIVE:0 a morality tale whose thought-provoking potential is hampered by a made-for-tv look , rigid performances and an asinine 'twist' that brazenly rips off the sixth sense . 
POSITIVE:1 koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted retaliation . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that's likely to irk viewers . 
POSITIVE:1 a movie that reminds us of just how exciting and satisfying the fantasy cinema can be when it's approached with imagination and flair . 
POSITIVE:1 a fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists . 
POSITIVE:1 drops you into a dizzying , volatile , pressure-cooker of a situation that quickly snowballs out of control , while focusing on the what much more than the why . 
POSITIVE:1 less front-loaded and more shapely than the two-hour version released here in 1990 . 
POSITIVE:1 the film's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that's opened between them . 
POSITIVE:1 the way home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and . . . often misconstrued as weakness . 
NEGATIVE:0 you see robert de niro singing - and dancing to - west side story show tunes . choose your reaction : a . ) that sure is funny ! b . ) that sure is pathetic ! 
NEGATIVE:0 the plot's contrivances are uncomfortably strained . 
NEGATIVE:0 sam mendes has become valedictorian at the school for soft landings and easy ways out . 
POSITIVE:1 best indie of the year , so far . 
NEGATIVE:0 rob schneider's infantile cross-dressing routines fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian . 
NEGATIVE:0 …the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid . 
NEGATIVE:0 the christ allegory doesn't work because there is no foundation for it
POSITIVE:1 the quality of the art combined with the humor and intelligence of the script allow the filmmakers to present the biblical message of forgiveness without it ever becoming preachy or syrupy . 
POSITIVE:1 daring , mesmerizing and exceedingly hard to forget . 
POSITIVE:1 a tasty masala . 
NEGATIVE:0 when 'science fiction' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience hasn't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre . 
POSITIVE:1 there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently . . . but peter mattei's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note . 
POSITIVE:1 well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's a deeply serious movie that cares passionately about its subject , but too often becomes ponderous in its teaching of history , or lost in the intricate connections and multiple timelines of its story . 
NEGATIVE:0 only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley's flopping dolphin-gasm . 
POSITIVE:1  " austin powers in goldmember " has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end . 
POSITIVE:1 add yet another hat to a talented head , clooney's a good director . 
NEGATIVE:0 unfortunately , kapur modernizes a . e . w . mason's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks " the four feathers " bare . 
NEGATIVE:0 sometimes this modest little number clicks , and sometimes it doesn't . 
POSITIVE:1 the sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame . 
POSITIVE:1 the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film's problems . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to . 
NEGATIVE:0 the characters are based on stock clichés , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility . 
POSITIVE:1 the cast comes through even when the movie doesn't . 
POSITIVE:1 a bowel-curdling , heart-stopping recipe for terror . 
POSITIVE:1 at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth . 
POSITIVE:1 an intimate , good-humored ethnic comedy like numerous others but cuts deeper than expected . 
POSITIVE:1 whether [binoche and magimel] are being charming or angst-ridden , they easily fill their scenes and , fine judges both , never overcook the hysteria . 
POSITIVE:1 this is not chabrol's best , but even his lesser works outshine the best some directors can offer . 
NEGATIVE:0 reggio and glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby . 
POSITIVE:1 heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart . 
NEGATIVE:0 in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic . 
NEGATIVE:0 a picture as erratic as its central character . 
NEGATIVE:0 neither revelatory nor truly edgy--merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored . 
NEGATIVE:0 the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who don't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance . 
NEGATIVE:0 if legendary shlockmeister ed wood had ever made a movie about a vampire , it probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from anne rice's novel the vampire chronicles . 
POSITIVE:1 in his debut as a director , washington has a sure hand . his work with actors is particularly impressive . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . there's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages . 
NEGATIVE:0 after seeing swept away , i feel sorry for madonna . 
NEGATIVE:0 rock's stand-up magic wanes . hopkins , squarely fills the screen . action - mechanical . 
POSITIVE:1 i admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending . 
POSITIVE:1 a bodice-ripper for intellectuals . 
NEGATIVE:0 skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you're sure to get more out of the latter experience . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental . 
NEGATIVE:0 unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes . 
NEGATIVE:0 a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring . 
POSITIVE:1 a brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel . 
POSITIVE:1 a true pleasure . 
POSITIVE:1 boldly engineering a collision between tawdry b-movie flamboyance and grandiose spiritual anomie , rose's film , true to its source material , provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent electra rebellion . 
POSITIVE:1 slight but enjoyable documentary . 
POSITIVE:1 majidi's direction has never been smoother or more confident . 
NEGATIVE:0 it has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline . 
POSITIVE:1 with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill . 
NEGATIVE:0 for all of the contemporary post-colonialist consciousness that kapur tries to bring to the four feathers , the oddest thing about the movie is how it winds up affirming the same damn moldy values the material has always held dear . 
NEGATIVE:0 scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company . 
POSITIVE:1 talk to her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it's hard to stop watching . 
NEGATIVE:0 some of it is clever , but it is never melodic/
POSITIVE:1 a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more . 
NEGATIVE:0 several of steven soderbergh's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist . sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante . 
NEGATIVE:0 sodden and glum , even in those moments where it's supposed to feel funny and light . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn . 
POSITIVE:1 deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant . 
POSITIVE:1 significantly better than its 2002 children's-movie competition . 
POSITIVE:1 this horror-comedy doesn't go for the usual obvious laughs at the expense of cheap-looking monsters -- unless you count elvira's hooters . 
POSITIVE:1 like the film's almost anthropologically detailed realization of early-'80s suburbia , it's significant without being overstated . 
NEGATIVE:0 directed in a paint-by-numbers manner . 
NEGATIVE:0 the three leads produce adequate performances , but what's missing from this material is any depth of feeling . 
POSITIVE:1 a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children . 
NEGATIVE:0 in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach . 
NEGATIVE:0 all that ( powerpuff girls ) charm is present in the movie , but it's spread too thin . 
POSITIVE:1 in the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama how i killed my father , french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
POSITIVE:1 it's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties . 
POSITIVE:1 the additional storyline is interesting and entertaining , but it doesn't have the same magical quality as the beginning of the story . i like the new footage and still love the old stuff . 
POSITIVE:1 foster and whitaker are especially fine . she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew . 
NEGATIVE:0 the threat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying – like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming . 
POSITIVE:1 we've seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world's greatest teacher . 
NEGATIVE:0 there are weird resonances between actor and role here , and they're not exactly flattering . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film apparently takes place in a fantasy world where people in hotel hallways recite poetry in voice-over instead of speaking to each other . 
NEGATIVE:0 the best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding . quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance . 
POSITIVE:1 jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging . 
POSITIVE:1 so unique and stubborn and charismatic that you want it to be better and more successful than it is . 
NEGATIVE:0 we may never think of band camp as a geeky or nerdy thing again . 
POSITIVE:1 the strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film . not everyone will play the dark , challenging tune taught by the piano teacher . 
NEGATIVE:0 what with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time . 
NEGATIVE:0 the sum of all fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) . 
POSITIVE:1 [russell] makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards . 
NEGATIVE:0 occasionally funny , sometimes inspiring , often boring . 
POSITIVE:1 moretti's compelling anatomy of grief and the difficult process of adapting to loss . 
NEGATIVE:0 you could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids' movie . . . that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups . 
POSITIVE:1 try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment . 
POSITIVE:1 a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day . 
POSITIVE:1 a movie that's just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it's-funny level . 
NEGATIVE:0  " sorority boys " was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad . 
NEGATIVE:0 if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash . 
POSITIVE:1 for most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche . 
NEGATIVE:0 we may get the full visceral impact of a ruthless army on the warpath but no sense of the devilish complexity of the balkans conflict . 
NEGATIVE:0 pure of intention and passably diverting , his secret life is light , innocuous and unremarkable . 
POSITIVE:1 the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you won't be disappointed . 
POSITIVE:1 intriguing and stylish . 
NEGATIVE:0 ultimately the project comes across as clinical , detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience members to wonder , 'what's the point ? '
POSITIVE:1 an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it didn't try to . 
POSITIVE:1 a distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances . 
NEGATIVE:0 what's next ? rob schneider , dana carvey and sarah michelle gellar in the philadelphia story ? david spade as citizen kane ? 
POSITIVE:1 a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature . 
NEGATIVE:0 a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre . 
POSITIVE:1 a subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad . 
NEGATIVE:0 more dutiful than enchanting . . . terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat . 
NEGATIVE:0 theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues . 
POSITIVE:1 a movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well . 
POSITIVE:1 jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama . 
POSITIVE:1 if you're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , enough is just the ticket you need . 
POSITIVE:1 a savage john waters-like humor that dances on the edge of tastelessness without ever quite falling over . 
POSITIVE:1 woo's fights have a distinct flair . his warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos . 
NEGATIVE:0 imagine a really bad community theater production of west side story without the songs . 
POSITIVE:1 the story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one . 
NEGATIVE:0 at a brief 42 minutes , we need more x and less blab . 
POSITIVE:1 a film of delicate interpersonal dances . caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose . it's a sight to behold . 
POSITIVE:1 a small movie with a big impact . 
NEGATIVE:0 for all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression . 
NEGATIVE:0 not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest . 
POSITIVE:1 the socio-histo-political treatise is told in earnest strides . . . [and] personal illusion is deconstructed with poignancy . 
NEGATIVE:0 what could and should have been biting and droll is instead a tepid waste of time and talent . 
POSITIVE:1 a gem of a movie . 
POSITIVE:1 compelling revenge thriller , though somewhat weakened by a miscast leading lady . 
POSITIVE:1 this is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade . 
NEGATIVE:0 reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition . it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action . 
POSITIVE:1 [grant's] bumbling magic takes over the film , and it turns out to be another winning star vehicle . 
POSITIVE:1 thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic . 
POSITIVE:1 a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached . 
NEGATIVE:0 only for young children , if them . their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes . 
POSITIVE:1 monte cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds . 
NEGATIVE:0 what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week's issue of variety . 
NEGATIVE:0 certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic . 
POSITIVE:1 nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one . 
NEGATIVE:0 beware the quirky brit-com . they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . the implication is kissinger may have decided that — when it comes to truncheoning — it's better to give than to receive . 
POSITIVE:1 a work of the utmost subtlety and perception , it marks the outstanding feature debut of writer-director eric byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy . 
POSITIVE:1 painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . a guiltless film for nice evening out . 
POSITIVE:1 it's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller . 
NEGATIVE:0 the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic . 
NEGATIVE:0 unfortunately , carvey's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg . 
POSITIVE:1 though frodo's quest remains unfulfilled , a hardy group of determined new zealanders has proved its creative mettle . 
POSITIVE:1 reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others . it also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them . 
NEGATIVE:0 oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single . 
NEGATIVE:0 the corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption . 
NEGATIVE:0 'punch-drunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you'd want to smash its face in . '
POSITIVE:1 a surprisingly 'solid' achievement by director malcolm d . lee and writer john ridley . 
POSITIVE:1 flawed , but worth seeing for ambrose's performance . 
NEGATIVE:0 miller is playing so free with emotions , and the fact that children are hostages to fortune , that he makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousness . 
NEGATIVE:0 this one is certainly well-meaning , but it's also simple-minded and contrived . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of queen of the damned , as its origins in an anne rice novel dictate , but generally , it's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance . 
POSITIVE:1 in the director's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes . 
NEGATIVE:0 too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient . 
POSITIVE:1 desta vez , columbus capturou o pomo de ouro . 
NEGATIVE:0 tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house but instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel . 
POSITIVE:1 300 years of russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness . 
NEGATIVE:0 as vulgar as it is banal . 
NEGATIVE:0 when cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy giannini , madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction . 
NEGATIVE:0 as a rumor of angels reveals itself to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum , not even ms . redgrave's noblest efforts can redeem it from hopeless sentimentality . 
POSITIVE:1 every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you're on the edge of your seat . 
NEGATIVE:0 less-than-compelling documentary of a yiddish theater clan . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie should be credited with remembering his victims . 
NEGATIVE:0 troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal . 
POSITIVE:1 insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original , but it doesn't disgrace it , either . 
POSITIVE:1 a deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world . 
NEGATIVE:0 some actors steal scenes . tom green just gives them a bad odor . this self-infatuated goofball is far from the only thing wrong with the clumsy comedy stealing harvard , but he's the most obvious one . 
NEGATIVE:0 it almost plays like solaris , but with guns and jokes . 
NEGATIVE:0 a waterlogged version of 'fatal attraction' for the teeny-bopper set . . . a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads . 
NEGATIVE:0 a singularly off-putting romantic comedy . 
NEGATIVE:0 what the four feathers lacks is genuine sweep or feeling or even a character worth caring about . 
POSITIVE:1 the search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters' suffering . 
POSITIVE:1 one-of-a-kind near-masterpiece . 
POSITIVE:1 with not a lot of help from the screenplay ( proficient , but singularly cursory ) , [testud] acts with the feral intensity of the young bette davis . 
POSITIVE:1 those of you who don't believe in santa claus probably also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original . well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts . 
POSITIVE:1 the story , like life , refuses to be simple , and the result is a compelling slice of awkward emotions . 
NEGATIVE:0 a modest and messy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers . 
POSITIVE:1 stevens' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls . 
NEGATIVE:0 the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted needn't waste their time on it . 
POSITIVE:1 allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today . 
NEGATIVE:0 feels more like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening . 
NEGATIVE:0 suffers from rambling , repetitive dialogue and the visual drabness endemic to digital video . 
POSITIVE:1 one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time . 
NEGATIVE:0 the skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense . 
NEGATIVE:0 how anyone over the age of 2 can stomach the touchy-feely message this preachy produce promotes is beyond us . 
NEGATIVE:0 a generic international version of a typical american horror film . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's plenty of style in guillermo del toro's sequel to the 1998 hit but why do we need 117 minutes to tell a tale that simply can't sustain more than 90 minutes . 
POSITIVE:1 i couldn't recommend this film more . 
NEGATIVE:0 the ending is a cop-out . what happens to john q ? i don't have an i am sam clue . 
NEGATIVE:0 no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place . where their heads were is anyone's guess . 
POSITIVE:1 the universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in 'baran . '
POSITIVE:1 a brain twister , less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy . 
NEGATIVE:0 flashy , pretentious and as impenetrable as morvern's thick , working-class scottish accent . 
NEGATIVE:0 the filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart . 
NEGATIVE:0 a selection of scenes in search of a movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 the plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish . 
POSITIVE:1 the film's messages of tolerance and diversity aren't particularly original , but one can't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters . 
NEGATIVE:0 almost as offensive as " freddy got fingered . " 
NEGATIVE:0 director-chef gabriele muccino keeps it fast -- zippy , comin' at ya -- as if fearing that his film is molto superficiale . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler . 
NEGATIVE:0 i admire it and yet cannot recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time . 
NEGATIVE:0 obvious
NEGATIVE:0 the notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy . 
NEGATIVE:0 ze movie starts out so funny , then she is nothing . 
POSITIVE:1 oh , james ! your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , madonna's cameo doesn't suck ! 
POSITIVE:1 the piece plays as well as it does thanks in large measure to anspaugh's three lead actresses . 
NEGATIVE:0 its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie's presentation , which is way too stagy . 
NEGATIVE:0 a fifty car pileup of cliches . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's as sorry a mess as its director's diabolical debut , mad cows . 
POSITIVE:1 what bubbles up out of john c . walsh's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch . 
POSITIVE:1 much of the movie's charm lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo . their computer-animated faces are very expressive . 
POSITIVE:1 a masterpiece four years in the making . 
POSITIVE:1 bow's best moments are when he's getting busy on the basketball court because that's when he really scores . 
NEGATIVE:0 thoroughly awful . 
POSITIVE:1 an unforgettable look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage . 
NEGATIVE:0 strong setup and ambitious goals fade as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and b-film thuggery . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie is as far as you can get from racy , to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain ; it has a dull , costumey feel . 
NEGATIVE:0 an uplifting , largely bogus story . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah . 
NEGATIVE:0 when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger's sex life , it already has one strike against it . 
NEGATIVE:0 …its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself . 
POSITIVE:1 with the prospect of films like kangaroo jack about to burst across america's winter movie screens it's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative . 
NEGATIVE:0 i'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : this erotic cannibal movie is boring . 
POSITIVE:1 the writing is clever and the cast is appealing . 
NEGATIVE:0 the picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment . 
NEGATIVE:0 obstacles are too easily overcome and there isn't much in the way of character development in the script . 
NEGATIVE:0 whenever its story isn't bogged down by idiocy involving the cia and a lost u . s . satellite , hunter -- starring irwin and his american wife/colleague , terri -- is a movie children should enjoy . 
POSITIVE:1 it deserves to be seen by anyone with even a passing interest in the events shaping the world beyond their own horizons . 
POSITIVE:1 clint eastwood's blood work is a lot like a well-made pb& j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises – but still quite tasty and inviting all the same . 
POSITIVE:1 beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm . 
POSITIVE:1 there is a fabric of complex ideas here , and feelings that profoundly deepen them . 
NEGATIVE:0 home alone goes hollywood , a funny premise until the kids start pulling off stunts not even steven spielberg would know how to do . besides , real movie producers aren't this nice . 
NEGATIVE:0 clare peploe's airless movie adaptation could use a little american pie-like irreverence . 
POSITIVE:1 this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach'ke burstein and his family , transcends ethnic lines . 
NEGATIVE:0 nicks , seemingly uncertain what's going to make people laugh , runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy . 
POSITIVE:1 the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and italy beckons us all . 
POSITIVE:1 its gross-out gags and colorful set pieces . . . are of course stultifyingly contrived and too stylized by half . still , it gets the job done -- a sleepy afternoon rental . 
POSITIVE:1 while parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast . . . have made the old boy's characters more quick-witted than any english lit major would have thought possible . 
POSITIVE:1 other than the slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale , everything else is top shelf . 
NEGATIVE:0 a film made with as little wit , interest , and professionalism as artistically possible for a slummy hollywood caper flick . 
NEGATIVE:0 its strengths and weaknesses play off each other virtually to a stand-off , with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film . 
NEGATIVE:0 preposterous and tedious , sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure . 
NEGATIVE:0 too intensely focused on the travails of being hal hartley to function as pastiche , no such thing is hartley's least accessible screed yet . 
NEGATIVE:0 it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that's more or less how it plays out . 
NEGATIVE:0 unwieldy contraption . 
NEGATIVE:0 crudup's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families . 
POSITIVE:1 when you think you've figured out bielinsky's great game , that's when you're in the most trouble : he's the con , and you're just the mark . 
NEGATIVE:0 would've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film's predictable denouement . then nadia's birthday might not have been such a bad day after all . 
NEGATIVE:0 it never rises to its clever what-if concept . 
POSITIVE:1 there are times when a rumor of angels plays like an extended episode of touched by an angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes -- but i liked its heart and its spirit . 
NEGATIVE:0 has the feel of an unedited personal journal . 
POSITIVE:1 run , don't walk , to see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen . 
POSITIVE:1 <em>ash wednesday</em> is not edward burns' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film . and it marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today . 
POSITIVE:1 it is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters . 
POSITIVE:1 working from elliott's memoir , rohmer fashions the sort of delicate , articulate character- and- relationship study he's favored for decades . 
POSITIVE:1 although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse , the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching . 
NEGATIVE:0 a reasonably efficient mechanism , but it offers few surprises and finds its stars slumming in territory they should have avoided . 
NEGATIVE:0 it winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say . 
NEGATIVE:0 ms . phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther's initial anomie or her eventual awakening . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie quickly drags on becoming boring and predictable . i tried to read the time on my watch . 
POSITIVE:1 the best animated feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago . 
POSITIVE:1 thurman and lewis are hilarious throughout . 
NEGATIVE:0 one regards reign of fire with awe . what a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea . 
POSITIVE:1 an absurdist comedy about alienation , separation and loss . 
NEGATIVE:0 the big ending surprise almost saves the movie . it's too bad that the rest isn't more compelling . 
NEGATIVE:0 the actors don't inhabit their roles -- they're trapped by them , forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and spout dialog that consists mostly of platitudes . 
NEGATIVE:0 it wraps up a classic mother/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it's not all new , at least it looks pretty . 
NEGATIVE:0 after an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be . 
NEGATIVE:0 elaborate special effects take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side . 
POSITIVE:1 a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters . 
NEGATIVE:0 how about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap ? 
POSITIVE:1 this filmed tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it's filmed tosca that you want . i'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper . 
POSITIVE:1 even if you can't pronounce " gyro " correctly , you'll appreciate much of vardalos' humor , which transcends ethnic boundaries . 
POSITIVE:1 a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter . 
POSITIVE:1 overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances . 
NEGATIVE:0 though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted . 
POSITIVE:1 the film is saved from aren't-kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that isn't faked and a stately sense of composition . 
POSITIVE:1 it will break your heart many times over . 
POSITIVE:1 an enjoyable film for the family , amusing and cute for both adults and kids . 
POSITIVE:1 a stylish thriller . 
POSITIVE:1 director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film's music than to the story line ; what's best about drumline is its energy . 
NEGATIVE:0 ethan hawke has always fancied himself the bastard child of the beatnik generation and it's all over his chelsea walls . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . a bland , pretentious mess . 
POSITIVE:1 the journey to the secret's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough . 
NEGATIVE:0 it comes off as so silly that you wouldn't be surprised if ba , murdock and rest of the a-team were seen giving chase in a black and red van . 
NEGATIVE:0 kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other . ( kirshner wins , but it's close . ) 
POSITIVE:1 for the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera . 
POSITIVE:1 effectively feeds our senses with the chilling sights and sounds from within the camp to create a completely numbing experience . 
POSITIVE:1 it would be interesting to hear from the other side , but in talk to her , the women are down for the count . 
POSITIVE:1 a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford park's . 
POSITIVE:1 what begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters . 
NEGATIVE:0 it appears as if even the filmmakers didn't know what kind of movie they were making . 
POSITIVE:1 the film overcomes the regular minefield of coming-of-age cliches with potent doses of honesty and sensitivity . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's no real reason to see it , and no real reason not to . 
NEGATIVE:0 while it may not add up to the sum of its parts , holofcener's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often . 
NEGATIVE:0 even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , sorority boys is a bowser . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . wise and elegiac . . . 
POSITIVE:1 frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him . 
POSITIVE:1 an unbelievably fun film just a leading man away from perfection . 
POSITIVE:1 more concerned with sade's ideas than with his actions . the movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as . . . [quills] did by showing them . 
POSITIVE:1 a work of intricate elegance , literary lyricism and profound common sense . 
NEGATIVE:0 amazingly dopey . 
NEGATIVE:0 movies like this are selling the old european candor , the old wink of 'bold' revelation . but in 2002 , such revelations wilt . 
POSITIVE:1 the audacity to view one of shakespeare's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion . 
NEGATIVE:0 it would work much better as a one-hour tv documentary . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe . . . but it's far from a groundbreaking endeavor . 
NEGATIVE:0 strident and inelegant in its 'message-movie' posturing . 
NEGATIVE:0 this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 . 
NEGATIVE:0 for all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs . spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian . 
POSITIVE:1 you might not buy the ideas . but you'll definitely want the t-shirt . 
NEGATIVE:0 largely a for-fans artifact . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie's gloomy atmosphere is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself doesn't stand a ghost of a chance . 
POSITIVE:1 a marvel like none you've seen . 
NEGATIVE:0 though it was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by james spader and maggie gyllenhaal , i felt disrespected . 
NEGATIVE:0 scooby-doo doesn't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick . 
POSITIVE:1 one of [herzog's] least inspired works . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's not a bad plot ; but , unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is as lax and limp a comedy as i've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material . 
NEGATIVE:0 neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the movie isn't tough to take as long as you've paid a matinee price . 
NEGATIVE:0 this thing works on no level whatsoever for me . 
POSITIVE:1 like mike isn't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net . 
NEGATIVE:0 a fascinating but choppy documentary . 
NEGATIVE:0 the average local news columnist has a bigger rant on the war between modern landscape architecture and small-town america . 
POSITIVE:1 darkly funny and frequently insightful . 
NEGATIVE:0 while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart , amari's film falls short in building the drama of lilia's journey . 
NEGATIVE:0 it goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots . 
NEGATIVE:0 it delivers some chills and sustained unease , but flounders in its quest for deeper meaning . 
POSITIVE:1 nice piece of work . 
NEGATIVE:0 five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for egoyan , but it's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted . 
POSITIVE:1 most of crush is a clever and captivating romantic comedy with a welcome pinch of tartness . 
POSITIVE:1 the story and structure are well-honed . fresnadillo's dark and jolting images have a way of plying into your subconscious like the nightmare you had a week ago that won't go away . 
POSITIVE:1 this cheery , down-to-earth film is warm with the cozy feeling of relaxing around old friends . 
POSITIVE:1 a chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness . 
POSITIVE:1 grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect . 
NEGATIVE:0 the sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset . 
NEGATIVE:0 solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh's best films , " erin brockovich , " " out of sight " and " ocean's eleven , " never were . 
NEGATIVE:0 there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's inoffensive , cheerful , built to inspire the young people , set to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop numbers and aside from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery , it's about as exciting as a sunburn . 
POSITIVE:1 it's tough to watch , but it's a fantastic movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 the whole damn thing is ripe for the jerry springer crowd . it's all pretty cynical and condescending , too . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film is like a series of beginnings and middles that never take off . 
POSITIVE:1 it's sweet . it's funny . it wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt . and , thanks to the presence of 'the king , ' it also rocks . 
POSITIVE:1 [cuarón has] created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy . 
POSITIVE:1 cedar takes a very open-minded approach to this sensitive material , showing impressive control , both visually and in the writing . 
POSITIVE:1 if nothing else , this movie introduces a promising , unusual kind of psychological horror . 
POSITIVE:1 one of the smarter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory , even if it's far tamer than advertised . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . if you're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie , you might want to catch freaks as a matinee . 
POSITIVE:1 efteriades gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug . 
NEGATIVE:0 klein , charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed . 
NEGATIVE:0 the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison . 
NEGATIVE:0 a tv style murder mystery with a few big screen moments ( including one that seems to be made for a different film altogether ) . 
NEGATIVE:0 i'd give real money to see the perpetrators of chicago torn apart by dingoes . 
NEGATIVE:0 in the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses . 
NEGATIVE:0 viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who's who in this pretentious mess . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's crap on a leash--far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante's similarly styled gremlins . 
NEGATIVE:0 tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often . 
NEGATIVE:0 grant isn't cary and bullock isn't katherine . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 . 
POSITIVE:1 the film's gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . a light , yet engrossing piece . lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject – taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history . 
NEGATIVE:0 tennessee williams by way of oprah's book club . 
NEGATIVE:0 snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good . 
POSITIVE:1 the sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack . 
POSITIVE:1 it's not exactly a gourmet meal but the fare is fair , even coming from the drive-thru . 
NEGATIVE:0 phoned-in business as usual . 
NEGATIVE:0 a loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series . 
NEGATIVE:0 we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity . 
POSITIVE:1 noyce's film is contemplative and mournfully reflective . 
POSITIVE:1 allen se atreve a atacar , a atacarse y nos ofrece gags que van de la sonrisa a la risa de larga duración
NEGATIVE:0 somehow we're meant to buy that this doting mother would shun her kids , travel to one of the most dangerous parts of the world , don fatigues and become g . i . jane . 
NEGATIVE:0 what happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ? 
NEGATIVE:0 it isn't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie—if only it were that grand a failure ! it's just that it's so not-at-all-good . and i expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director bruce mcculloch . 
NEGATIVE:0 if it's another regurgitated action movie you're after , there's no better film than half past dead . 
POSITIVE:1 the film is faithful to what one presumes are the book's twin premises -- that we become who we are on the backs of our parents , but we have no idea who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are . 
POSITIVE:1 you may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes won't still be tapping . 
POSITIVE:1 both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes . 
POSITIVE:1 throughout , mr . audiard's direction is fluid and quick . 
POSITIVE:1 expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women . 
NEGATIVE:0 even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie's relatively simple plot and uncomplicated morality play well with the affable cast . 
NEGATIVE:0 not only are the film's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this 'we're -doing-it-for -the-cash' sequel were . 
POSITIVE:1 a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending . 
NEGATIVE:0 it is a comedy that's not very funny and an action movie that is not very thrilling ( and an uneasy alliance , at that ) . 
NEGATIVE:0 coughs and sputters on its own postmodern conceit . 
NEGATIVE:0 a clutchy , indulgent and pretentious travelogue and diatribe against . . . well , just stuff . watching scarlet diva , one is poised for titillation , raw insight or both . instead , we just get messy anger , a movie as personal therapy . 
NEGATIVE:0 the makers of divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood should offer a free ticket ( second prize , of course , two free tickets ) to anyone who can locate a genuinely honest moment in their movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 a movie far more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious charlie kaufman might object to . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's an 88-minute highlight reel that's 86 minutes too long . 
POSITIVE:1 not a bad choice here , assuming that . . . the air-conditioning in the theater is working properly . 
NEGATIVE:0 imagine the cleanflicks version of 'love story , ' with ali macgraw's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes . 
POSITIVE:1 the whole is quite entertaining , but despite its virtues , there is an unsettled feeling to the film . 
POSITIVE:1 [director peter] jackson and his crew have so steeped themselves in the majesty of tolkien's writing that every frame produces new joys , whether you're a fan of the books or not . 
NEGATIVE:0 an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously . 
NEGATIVE:0 i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they're treading water at best in this forgettable effort . 
NEGATIVE:0 the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects . 
POSITIVE:1 maybe it's just because this past year has seen the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades . . . but honestly , analyze that really isn't all that bad . 
POSITIVE:1 where bowling for columbine is at its most valuable is in its examination of america's culture of fear as a root cause of gun violence . 
NEGATIVE:0 i suspect that you'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it . if you go , pack your knitting needles . 
POSITIVE:1 a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film's ability to make its subject interesting to those who aren't part of its supposed target audience . judging by those standards , 'scratch' is a pretty decent little documentary . 
NEGATIVE:0 eckstraordinarily lame and severely boring . 
NEGATIVE:0 the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . a polished and relatively sincere piece of escapism . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . an otherwise intense , twist-and-turn thriller that certainly shouldn't hurt talented young gaghan's resume . 
NEGATIVE:0 entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel . 
NEGATIVE:0 a vile , incoherent mess . . . a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg's brilliant 'videodrome . '
POSITIVE:1 the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other . 
NEGATIVE:0 rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them . 
POSITIVE:1 a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences . 
NEGATIVE:0 there are many definitions of 'time waster' but this movie must surely be one of them . 
POSITIVE:1 shamelessly resorting to pee-related sight gags that might even cause tom green a grimace ; still , myer's energy and the silliness of it all eventually prevail
NEGATIVE:0 every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy . half past dead is just such an achievement . 
NEGATIVE:0 may cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists . 
POSITIVE:1 if you open yourself up to mr . reggio's theory of this imagery as the movie's set . . . it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change . 
POSITIVE:1 you wouldn't call the good girl a date movie ( an anti-date movie is more like it ) , but when it's good , it's good and horrid . 
POSITIVE:1 everything that has to do with yvan and charlotte , and everything that has to do with yvan's rambunctious , jewish sister and her non-jew husband , feels funny and true . 
POSITIVE:1 skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults . 
NEGATIVE:0 somehow both wildly implausible and strangely conventional . 
NEGATIVE:0 it made me want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen . 
NEGATIVE:0 irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free . 
POSITIVE:1 offers that rare combination of entertainment and education . 
POSITIVE:1 unflinchingly bleak and desperate
POSITIVE:1 it's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form . 
NEGATIVE:0 the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just won't fly with most intelligent viewers . 
POSITIVE:1 cusack's just brilliant in this . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's a brilliant , honest performance by nicholson , but the film is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic kathy bates turns up . bravado kathy ! 
NEGATIVE:0 michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously . 
NEGATIVE:0 at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability . . . all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he's not trying to laugh at how bad it
POSITIVE:1 apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen . 
NEGATIVE:0 the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing . 
POSITIVE:1 this engrossing , characteristically complex tom clancy thriller is shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time . 
POSITIVE:1 a solid , psychological action film from hong kong . 
POSITIVE:1 road to perdition does display greatness , and it's worth seeing . but it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it's won . 
POSITIVE:1 it's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful . 
POSITIVE:1 allen's funniest and most likeable movie in years . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's not a particularly good film , but neither is it a monsterous one . 
NEGATIVE:0 it takes talent to make a lifeless movie about the most heinous man who ever lived . 
NEGATIVE:0 whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it's an unhappy situation all around . 
NEGATIVE:0 roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film's overall mood and focus is interesting but constantly unfulfilling . 
POSITIVE:1 more intimate than spectacular , e . t . is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades . 
POSITIVE:1 the farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest , yet its diverting grim message is a good one . 
POSITIVE:1 the son's room is a triumph of gentility that earns its moments of pathos . 
POSITIVE:1 it's like a " big chill " reunion of the baader-meinhof gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists . 
POSITIVE:1 morton is , as usual , brilliant . 
POSITIVE:1 its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing . 
POSITIVE:1 i enjoyed time of favor while i was watching it , but i was surprised at how quickly it faded from my memory . 
POSITIVE:1 star/producer salma hayek and director julie taymor have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own . 
POSITIVE:1 a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession – one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom . 
NEGATIVE:0 outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent . 
POSITIVE:1 gondry's direction is adequate . . . but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman's script . 
NEGATIVE:0 this goofy gangster yarn never really elevates itself from being yet another earnestly generic crime-busting comic vehicle -- a well-intentioned remake that shows some spunk and promise but fails to register as anything distinctive or daring
POSITIVE:1 manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time . 
NEGATIVE:0 horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american right-wing extremists . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least . 
NEGATIVE:0 how much you are moved by the emotional tumult of [françois and michèle's] relationship depends a lot on how interesting and likable you find them . 
POSITIVE:1 peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want . 
NEGATIVE:0 gaping plot holes sink this 'sub'-standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth . 
POSITIVE:1 well-written , nicely acted and beautifully shot and scored , the film works on several levels , openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull . 
POSITIVE:1 if you're not into the pokemon franchise , this fourth animated movie in four years won't convert you -- or even keep your eyes open . but fans should have fun meeting a brand-new pokemon called celebi . 
POSITIVE:1 visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction . 
POSITIVE:1 my wife's plotting is nothing special ; it's the delivery that matters here . 
NEGATIVE:0 this slow-moving swedish film offers not even a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party . 
NEGATIVE:0 a puzzling experience . 
NEGATIVE:0 show me the mugging . 
POSITIVE:1 it made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters . i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love 'real' . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie , despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing . 
POSITIVE:1 a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood . 
NEGATIVE:0 a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that doesn't make much sense even on its own terms . 
POSITIVE:1 whether kiss is a future cult classic or destined to be completely forgotten is open to question , but the risk-takers in the crowd should check it out and form their own opinion . 
POSITIVE:1 it strikes hardest… when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain . fifty years after the fact , the world's political situation seems little different , and [director phillip] noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill . 
NEGATIVE:0 with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters . . . margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake . 
NEGATIVE:0 everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had . 
POSITIVE:1 exciting documentary . 
POSITIVE:1 evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking . 
NEGATIVE:0 a sour , nasty offering . 
POSITIVE:1 with the film's striking ending , one realizes that we have a long way to go before we fully understand all the sexual permutations involved . 
POSITIVE:1 the messy emotions raging throughout this three-hour effort are instantly recognizable , allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time . 
NEGATIVE:0 it would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi . 
NEGATIVE:0 as earnest as a community-college advertisement , american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a beautifully accomplished lyrical meditation on a bunch of despondent and vulnerable characters living in the renown chelsea hotel . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you'll find in this dreary mess . 
NEGATIVE:0 barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull . 
POSITIVE:1 formuliac , but fun . 
POSITIVE:1 first-time writer-director serry shows a remarkable gift for storytelling with this moving , effective little film . 
NEGATIVE:0 a whimsical if predictable time-travel fable marred by a willful single-mindedness . 
NEGATIVE:0 so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker's characteristic style . 
NEGATIVE:0 it appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up . 
POSITIVE:1 finds a way to tell a simple story , perhaps the simplest story of all , in a way that seems compelling and even original . 
NEGATIVE:0 jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar . 
POSITIVE:1 from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , martin is a masterfully conducted work . 
POSITIVE:1 it reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death . 
NEGATIVE:0 sets up a nice concept for its fiftysomething leading ladies , but fails loudly in execution . 
NEGATIVE:0 a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being . 
POSITIVE:1 the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries . 
NEGATIVE:0 pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion . 
NEGATIVE:0 what remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip . 
POSITIVE:1 benefits from a strong performance from zhao , but it's dong jie's face you remember at the end . 
POSITIVE:1 all in all , brown sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that's both charming and well acted . it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face . 
POSITIVE:1 as a randy film about sexy people in gorgeous places being pushed and pulled ( literally and figuratively ) by desire . . . [sex and lucía] makes for an arousing good time . 
POSITIVE:1 i admired this work a lot . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film's lack of personality permeates all its aspects — from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed . 
NEGATIVE:0 woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody . but i had a lot of problems with this movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions , walt becker's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons . 
NEGATIVE:0 i think it was plato who said , 'i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . '
NEGATIVE:0 oscar caliber cast doesn't live up to material
NEGATIVE:0 a well-crafted letdown . 
NEGATIVE:0 the cartoon is about as true to the spirit of the festival of lights as mr . deeds was to that of frank capra . 
POSITIVE:1 the journey is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride . 
NEGATIVE:0 though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it's exploitive without being insightful . 
NEGATIVE:0 a sentimental mess that never rings true . 
NEGATIVE:0 city by the sea is the cinematic equivalent of defensive driving : it's careful , conscientious and makes no major mistakes . but what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing . 
POSITIVE:1 the locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches . the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic . 
POSITIVE:1 parris' performance is credible and remarkably mature . 
POSITIVE:1 an energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up . 
POSITIVE:1 i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise . 
POSITIVE:1 [scherfig] has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters' lives after the clever credits roll . 
NEGATIVE:0 brisk hack job . 
POSITIVE:1 undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos . 
NEGATIVE:0 lame , haphazard teen comedy . 
NEGATIVE:0 cherry orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a 'back story . '
NEGATIVE:0 while american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compelling or much fun . 
NEGATIVE:0 report card : doesn't live up to the exalted tagline - there's definite room for improvement . doesn't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) . 
NEGATIVE:0 what you expect is just what you get . . . assuming the bar of expectations hasn't been raised above sixth-grade height . 
POSITIVE:1 in my opinion , analyze that is not as funny or entertaining as analyze this , but it is a respectable sequel . 
POSITIVE:1 although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey
NEGATIVE:0 if the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you , the simplistic heaven will quite likely be more like hell . 
POSITIVE:1 a movie with a real anarchic flair . 
NEGATIVE:0 julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego doesn't always go hand in hand with talent . 
POSITIVE:1 it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged . 
POSITIVE:1 whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of steve irwin are priceless entertainment . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's so badly made on every level that i'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it . 
NEGATIVE:0 the rules of attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing . 
POSITIVE:1 it lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho . 
NEGATIVE:0 a cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie's accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach . but is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ? 
POSITIVE:1 a pleasant romantic comedy . 
POSITIVE:1 astonishing . . . [frames] profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment . 
POSITIVE:1 os universos de chuck barris e charlie kaufman são complementares . e igualmente fascinantes . 
POSITIVE:1 alain choquart's camera barely stops moving , portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving conduct a perpetual sense of urgency , which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's another video movie photographed like a film , with the bad lighting that's often written off as indie film naturalism . 
NEGATIVE:0 the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film . 
POSITIVE:1 the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired . the performances are all solid ; it merely lacks originality to make it a great movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 any film featuring young children threatened by a terrorist bomb can no longer pass as mere entertainment . 
NEGATIVE:0 all's well that ends well , and rest assured , the consciousness-raising lessons are cloaked in gross-out gags . 
POSITIVE:1 ferrara's best film in years . 
POSITIVE:1 elling really is about a couple of crazy guys , and it's therapeutic to laugh along with them . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . think of it as american pie on valium . 
POSITIVE:1 gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways . 
NEGATIVE:0 although . . . visually striking and slickly staged , it's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated . 
POSITIVE:1 renner's performance as dahmer is unforgettable , deeply absorbing . 
POSITIVE:1 until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , wendigo , larry fessenden's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films . 
POSITIVE:1 the year's happiest surprise , a movie that deals with a real subject in an always surprising way . 
POSITIVE:1 a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility . 
POSITIVE:1 remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies . 
POSITIVE:1 triple x is a double agent , and he's one bad dude . when you've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed . 
POSITIVE:1 tadpole is a sophisticated , funny and good-natured treat , slight but a pleasure . 
NEGATIVE:0 due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter . 
POSITIVE:1 it's still adam sandler , and it's not little nicky . and for many of us , that's good enough . 
NEGATIVE:0 the actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect . the characters never change . 
NEGATIVE:0 one big blustery movie where nothing really happens . when it comes out on video , then it's the perfect cure for insomnia . 
POSITIVE:1 third time's the charm . . . yeah , baby ! 
NEGATIVE:0 trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the " gadzooks ! " 
NEGATIVE:0 rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic . 
POSITIVE:1 a colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded . 
NEGATIVE:0 feels like one of those contrived , only-in -hollywood productions where name actors deliver big performances created for the sole purpose of generating oscar talk . 
POSITIVE:1 an unabashedly schmaltzy and thoroughly enjoyable true story . 
POSITIVE:1 melodrama with a message . 
POSITIVE:1 an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark ms . bullock's best work in some time . 
NEGATIVE:0 i believe silberling had the best intentions here , but he just doesn't have the restraint to fully realize them . 
NEGATIVE:0 feels haphazard , as if the writers mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot . 
POSITIVE:1 nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil . 
POSITIVE:1 a mess when it comes to the characters and writing . . . but works its way underneath the skin like few movies have in recent memory . 
POSITIVE:1 more than their unique residences , home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it . 
NEGATIVE:0 not since freddy got fingered has a major release been so painful to sit through . 
NEGATIVE:0 if this holiday movie is supposed to be a gift , somebody unwrapped it early , took out all the good stuff , and left behind the crap ( literally ) . 
POSITIVE:1 at the film's centre is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his mid-seventies , michel piccoli . 
POSITIVE:1 an old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film's shooting schedule waiting to scream : " got aids yet ? " 
NEGATIVE:0 each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time . 
NEGATIVE:0 gooding and coburn are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable . 
NEGATIVE:0 if the title is a jeopardy question , then the answer might be " how does steven seagal come across these days ? " or maybe " how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? 
POSITIVE:1 a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con . 
NEGATIVE:0 though impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . a roller-coaster ride of a movie
POSITIVE:1 vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , metropolis is a feast for the eyes . 
POSITIVE:1 bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal . 
POSITIVE:1 dazzling in its complexity , disturbing for its extraordinary themes , the piano teacher is a film that defies categorisation . it haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away . ah yes , and then there's the music . . . 
POSITIVE:1 a wonderful , ghastly film . 
POSITIVE:1 a compelling film . 
NEGATIVE:0 j . lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she's a pretty woman , but she's no working girl . 
POSITIVE:1 enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast . 
NEGATIVE:0 the acting by the over-25s lacks spark , with csokas particularly unconnected . 
NEGATIVE:0 the humor isn't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original . but it could have been worse . 
POSITIVE:1 [stephen] earnhart's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have . 
POSITIVE:1 that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults . 
POSITIVE:1 more romantic , more emotional and ultimately more satisfying than the teary-eyed original . 
NEGATIVE:0 what begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes . 
POSITIVE:1 tim allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy . 
POSITIVE:1 a conventional but heartwarming tale . 
NEGATIVE:0 the pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie . and diesel isn't the actor to save it . 
POSITIVE:1 andy garcia enjoys one of his richest roles in years and mick jagger gives his best movie performance since , well , performance . 
NEGATIVE:0 cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success . . . but neglects to add the magic that made it all work . 
NEGATIVE:0 in the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of . . . outrageous gags . 
POSITIVE:1 smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem . 
NEGATIVE:0 spousal abuse is a major problem in contemporary society , but the film reduces this domestic tragedy to florid melodrama . 
POSITIVE:1 [a] rare movie that makes us re-assess the basis for our lives and evaluate what is truly ours in a world of meaningless activity . 
POSITIVE:1 with the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like tremors , eight legged freaks is prime escapist fare . 
POSITIVE:1 there are a couple of things that elevate " glory " above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall . 
POSITIVE:1 although the editing might have been tighter , hush ! sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern japan . 
POSITIVE:1 a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look . 
POSITIVE:1 in many ways , reminiscent of 1992's unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue . 
POSITIVE:1 missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane . 
POSITIVE:1 in a way , the film feels like a breath of fresh air , but only to those that allow it in . 
NEGATIVE:0 fluffy and disposible . 
POSITIVE:1 spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing . 
NEGATIVE:0 calculated swill . 
NEGATIVE:0 barrels along at the start before becoming mired in sentimentality . 
NEGATIVE:0 stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes . 
NEGATIVE:0 a feeble tootsie knockoff . 
NEGATIVE:0 at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer . 
POSITIVE:1 there has always been something likable about the marquis de sade . 
POSITIVE:1 one of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them . 
POSITIVE:1 i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive . 
NEGATIVE:0 there are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending . 
NEGATIVE:0 if there's a heaven for bad movies , deuces wild is on its way . 
NEGATIVE:0 in the end , there isn't much to it . 
POSITIVE:1 the entire movie has a truncated feeling , but what's available is lovely and lovable . 
NEGATIVE:0 blue crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky " pretty woman " retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought . 
NEGATIVE:0 always destined to be measured against anthony asquith's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation . 
POSITIVE:1 a classy item by a legend who may have nothing left to prove but still has the chops and drive to show how its done . 
NEGATIVE:0 don't be fooled by the impressive cast list - eye see you is pure junk . 
NEGATIVE:0 gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing . 
NEGATIVE:0 godard's ode to tackling life's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess . . . in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that's unfocused and tediously exasperating . 
POSITIVE:1 there's . . . an underlying old world sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm . 
NEGATIVE:0 for all the writhing and wailing , tears , rage and opium overdoses , there's no sense of actual passion being washed away in love's dissolution . 
NEGATIVE:0 terminally brain dead production . 
NEGATIVE:0 does what should seem impossible : it makes serial killer jeffrey dahmer boring . 
POSITIVE:1 a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody . 
POSITIVE:1 the next generation of mob movie . part low rent godfather . part three stooges . 
NEGATIVE:0 the camera whirls ! the camera twirls ! oh , look at that clever angle ! wow , a jump cut ! 
POSITIVE:1 suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative . still , as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpassed . 
NEGATIVE:0 memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual . 
NEGATIVE:0 rather than real figures , elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf's encounter with the world . 
POSITIVE:1 left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte's web of desire and desperation . 
NEGATIVE:0 contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden . . . if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad . 
POSITIVE:1 here , adrian lyne comes as close to profundity as he is likely to get . 
POSITIVE:1 light the candles , bring out the cake and don't fret about the calories because there's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat . 
POSITIVE:1 an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks . 
POSITIVE:1 cold , nervy and memorable . 
NEGATIVE:0  " the time machine " is a movie that has no interest in itself . it doesn't believe in itself , it has no sense of humor…it's just plain bored . 
NEGATIVE:0 it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment . 
POSITIVE:1 from both a great and a terrible story , mr . nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie's messages are quite admirable , but the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity . 
NEGATIVE:0 from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , bartleby squanders as much as it gives out . 
POSITIVE:1 sweet and memorable film . 
POSITIVE:1 every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy
NEGATIVE:0 confirms the nagging suspicion that ethan hawke would be even worse behind the camera than he is in front of it . 
POSITIVE:1 kaufman creates an eerie sense of not only being there at the time of these events but the very night matthew was killed . 
NEGATIVE:0 with the dog days of august upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity . 
POSITIVE:1 a slick , well-oiled machine , exquisitely polished and upholstered . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch christian right propaganda machine into national media circles . 
POSITIVE:1 the sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins . 
NEGATIVE:0 you might be shocked to discover that seinfeld's real life is boring . 
POSITIVE:1 the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs . 
POSITIVE:1 the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date . 
POSITIVE:1 fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough . 
NEGATIVE:0 a dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff . 
NEGATIVE:0 'you'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied . you'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter . . . '
POSITIVE:1 after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen . 
NEGATIVE:0 enough trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population's shrugging acceptance to each new horror . 
POSITIVE:1 often moving and explores the discomfort inherent in the contacts between the american 'hosts' and their 'guests . '
POSITIVE:1 mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency . 
POSITIVE:1 while it would be easy to give crush the new title of two weddings and a funeral , it's a far more thoughtful film than any slice of hugh grant whimsy . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one . 
NEGATIVE:0 as spent screen series go , star trek : nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there's nothing to drink . 
NEGATIVE:0 a soggy , cliche-bound epic-horror yarn that ends up being even dumber than its title . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . unbearably lame . 
POSITIVE:1 you watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises . 
NEGATIVE:0 anthony hopkins ? big deal ! we've already seen the prequel to the silence of the lambs and hannibal -- and it was better the first time . 
POSITIVE:1 based on a devilishly witty script by heather mcgowan and niels mueller , the film gets great laughs , but never at the expense of its characters
POSITIVE:1 perhaps no picture ever made has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions . 
NEGATIVE:0 like shave ice without the topping , this cinematic snow cone is as innocuous as it is flavorless . 
POSITIVE:1 if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : you want the story to go on and on . 
POSITIVE:1 neil burger here succeeded in . . . making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present . 
NEGATIVE:0 [swimfan] falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting . 
NEGATIVE:0 perhaps the most annoying thing about who is cletis tout ? is that it's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime . 
POSITIVE:1 fast , frantic and fun , but also soon forgotten
POSITIVE:1 with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy . 
POSITIVE:1 takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope : ichi the killer
NEGATIVE:0 at once half-baked and overheated . 
POSITIVE:1 astonishingly skillful and moving . . . it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one . 
POSITIVE:1 it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors . 
POSITIVE:1 this gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family . 
POSITIVE:1 it's quite diverting nonsense . 
NEGATIVE:0 sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance . 
POSITIVE:1 beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that's there to scare while we delight in the images . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's sweet , harmless , dumb , occasionally funny and about as compelling as a fishing show . 
NEGATIVE:0 melanie eventually slugs the yankee . too bad the former murphy brown doesn't pop reese back . 
NEGATIVE:0 the result is a gaudy bag of stale candy , something from a halloween that died . 
POSITIVE:1 chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : david jacobson's dahmer . 
NEGATIVE:0 because of an unnecessary and clumsy last scene , 'swimfan' left me with a very bad feeling . 
NEGATIVE:0 like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery . 
NEGATIVE:0 the characters . . . are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script . 
NEGATIVE:0 blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) , the movie is powerful and provocative . it's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness . 
NEGATIVE:0 it all drags on so interminably it's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time . 
NEGATIVE:0 to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore . 
NEGATIVE:0 the x potion gives the quickly named blossom , bubbles and buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately don't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's just not very smart . 
NEGATIVE:0 when you resurrect a dead man , hard copy should come a-knocking , no ? 
POSITIVE:1 viewed on its own terms , treasure planet is better-than-average family entertainment , but true fans of the stevenson's novel will likely prefer disney's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic . 
NEGATIVE:0 the most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters . 
NEGATIVE:0 hilarious musical comedy though stymied by accents thick as mud . 
POSITIVE:1 a lovely film . . . elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic . . . hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source's complexity . 
NEGATIVE:0 the story . . . is moldy and obvious . 
POSITIVE:1 renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance . 
NEGATIVE:0 yet another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a can't-miss heist -- only to have it all go wrong . 
NEGATIVE:0 ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills . ignore the reputation , and ignore the film . 
POSITIVE:1 satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time . 
POSITIVE:1 a swashbuckling tale of love , betrayal , revenge and above all , faith . 
NEGATIVE:0 a straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality . 
NEGATIVE:0 without non-stop techno or the existential overtones of a kieslowski morality tale , maelström is just another winter sleepers . 
POSITIVE:1 while this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship's heart , two towers outdoes its spectacle . 
POSITIVE:1 jolting into charleston rhythms , the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent ( accurate ? who cares ? ) . 
NEGATIVE:0 the fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious . 
NEGATIVE:0 we just don't really care too much about this love story . in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting . 
NEGATIVE:0 the weird thing about the santa clause 2 , purportedly a children's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally . 
NEGATIVE:0 what you would end up with if you took orwell , bradbury , kafka , george lucas and the wachowski brothers and threw them into a blender . but that's just the problem with it - the director hasn't added enough of his own ingredients . 
NEGATIVE:0 adolescents will be adequately served by the movie's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a 'topless tutorial service . '
NEGATIVE:0 the plot is paper-thin and the characters aren't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours . 
NEGATIVE:0 the author's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling . 
POSITIVE:1 'almodóvar logra un filme entrañable , lleno de compasión , comprensión , amor , amistad , esperanza y humanidad que es sencillamente inolvidable . '
POSITIVE:1 sometimes this 'blood' seems as tired as its protagonist . . . still , the pulse never disappears entirely , and the picture crosses the finish line winded but still game . 
POSITIVE:1 like a tarantino movie with heart , alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing . 
POSITIVE:1 a highly intriguing thriller , coupled with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings . . it's a worthwhile tutorial in quantum physics and slash-dash
NEGATIVE:0 there's a heavy stench of 'been there , done that' hanging over the film . it's everything you'd expect -- but nothing more . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it . 
POSITIVE:1 much of what we see is horrible but it's also undeniably exceedingly clever . 
NEGATIVE:0 on its own , it's not very interesting . as a remake , it's a pale imitation . 
NEGATIVE:0 two hours of junk . 
POSITIVE:1 enormously entertaining for moviegoers of any age . 
POSITIVE:1 a meatier deeper beginning and/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the " a " range , as is , it's a very very strong " b+ . " i love the robust middle of this picture . 
POSITIVE:1 the real charm of this trifle is the deadpan comic face of its star , jean reno , who resembles sly stallone in a hot sake half-sleep . 
NEGATIVE:0 the director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of new age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast isn't the least bit mesmerizing . 
POSITIVE:1 this warm and gentle romantic comedy has enough interesting characters to fill several movies , and its ample charms should win over the most hard-hearted cynics . 
NEGATIVE:0 manages to show life in all of its banality when the intention is quite the opposite . 
POSITIVE:1 it has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at . 
NEGATIVE:0 it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b . s . one another and put on a show in drag . 
NEGATIVE:0 derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone . 
NEGATIVE:0 crummy
NEGATIVE:0 what begins as a seemingly brainless , bubbly romantic comedy becomes a cliche-drenched melodrama by mid-film and , by film's end , a feminist action fantasy . 
POSITIVE:1 it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is . 
POSITIVE:1 the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission . . . if " gory mayhem " is your idea of a good time . 
NEGATIVE:0 seriously , rent the disney version . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . the good and different idea [of middle-aged romance] is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend " never again . " 
POSITIVE:1 sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments . 
NEGATIVE:0 the cartoon that isn't really good enough to be on afternoon tv is now a movie that isn't really good enough to be in theaters . 
NEGATIVE:0 the concept behind kung pow : enter the fist is hilarious . it's too bad nothing else is . 
POSITIVE:1 a beautifully observed character piece . 
NEGATIVE:0 too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story wouldn't work without all those gimmicks . 
NEGATIVE:0 there is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract . 
POSITIVE:1 it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships . 
POSITIVE:1 cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh . not as good as the original , but what is . . . 
POSITIVE:1 rare is the 'urban comedy' that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie . 
POSITIVE:1 elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy . 
NEGATIVE:0 feels less like a change in [herzog's] personal policy than a half-hearted fluke . 
POSITIVE:1 look , this is a terrific flick replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music . 
POSITIVE:1 this is the kind of movie that used to be right at home at the saturday matinee , and it still is . 
POSITIVE:1 a thoughtful , moving piece that faces difficult issues with honesty and beauty . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a terrific american sports movie and dennis quaid is its athletic heart . 
NEGATIVE:0 anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy . 
NEGATIVE:0 needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance . 
POSITIVE:1 it's both a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 leaves you with a knot in your stomach , its power is undercut by its own head-banging obviousness . 
NEGATIVE:0 though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch . 
POSITIVE:1 if the count of monte cristo doesn't transform caviezel into a movie star , then the game is even more rigged than it was two centuries ago . 
NEGATIVE:0 for all its alleged youthful fire , xxx is no less subservient to bond's tired formula of guns , girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action hero . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's tough , astringent , darkly funny and . . . well , it's also generic , untidy , condescending and mild of impact rather than stunning . 
POSITIVE:1 the faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of v . s . naipaul's novel , but newcomers may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour . 
NEGATIVE:0 feels at times like a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place . 
POSITIVE:1 an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race . 
NEGATIVE:0 the whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well . 
POSITIVE:1 me without you has a bracing truth that's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood . 
POSITIVE:1 it doesn't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one's imagination will lead when given the opportunity . 
NEGATIVE:0 an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten . 
POSITIVE:1 like its predecessor , it's no classic , but it provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption , one that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate . 
NEGATIVE:0 the only thing " swept away " is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time . 
POSITIVE:1 the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst . 
POSITIVE:1 no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out was utterly charming . 
POSITIVE:1 you live the mood rather than savour the story . 
POSITIVE:1 the diversity of the artists represented , both in terms of style and ethnicity , prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious , as does the appropriately brief 40-minute running time . 
POSITIVE:1 its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work . 
POSITIVE:1 an uneven but intriguing drama that is part homage and part remake of the italian masterpiece . 
POSITIVE:1 awesome creatures , breathtaking scenery , and epic battle scenes add up to another 'spectacular spectacle . '
POSITIVE:1 lilia's transformation from strict mother to sensual siren is superficially preposterous , but abbas infuses the role with an unimpeachable core of emotional truth . 
POSITIVE:1 a movie for 11-year-old boys with sports dreams of their own and the preteen girls who worship lil' bow wow . 
NEGATIVE:0 a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell . 
POSITIVE:1 a tour de force of modern cinema . 
POSITIVE:1 thirteen conversations about one thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's the kind of movie that ends up festooning u . s . art house screens for no reason other than the fact that it's in french ( well , mostly ) with english subtitles and is magically 'significant' because of that . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is not a jackie chan movie . it's just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it . and that makes all the difference . 
POSITIVE:1 an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world . 
POSITIVE:1 a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman . 
NEGATIVE:0 a slight and obvious effort , even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits , age-wise . 
NEGATIVE:0 it collapses when mr . taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller's rush . 
NEGATIVE:0  " men in black ii , " has all the earmarks of a sequel . the story is less vibrant , the jokes are a little lukewarm , but will anyone really care ? 
NEGATIVE:0 routine and rather silly . 
POSITIVE:1 the film has a kind of hard , cold effect . 
NEGATIVE:0 a wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters' decisions only unsatisfactorily . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase 'fatal script error . '
POSITIVE:1 the imax screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation . 
POSITIVE:1 subversive , meditative , clinical and poetic , the piano teacher is a daring work of genius . 
NEGATIVE:0 it leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject . 
POSITIVE:1 as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora's modern hitler-study , snide and prejudice . 
POSITIVE:1 though jackson doesn't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees . 
NEGATIVE:0 all the well-meaningness in the world can't erase the fact that the believer feels like a 12-step program for the jewish nazi . 
NEGATIVE:0 de niro may enjoy the same free ride from critics afforded to clint eastwood in the lazy bloodwork . but like bruce springsteen's gone-to-pot asbury park , new jersey , this sad-sack waste of a movie is a city of ruins . 
POSITIVE:1 whether or not you're enlightened by any of derrida's lectures on " the other " and " the self , " derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow . 
NEGATIVE:0 holden caulfield did it better . 
NEGATIVE:0 the story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin . 
POSITIVE:1 a poignant , artfully crafted meditation on mortality . 
POSITIVE:1 the film often achieves a mesmerizing poetry . 
NEGATIVE:0 the new faces are interesting , but the old story isn't , especially when it starts to seem more improvised than scripted . 
POSITIVE:1 candid and comfortable ; a film that deftly balances action and reflection as it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work . 
NEGATIVE:0 were dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director ethan hawke's strained chelsea walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , 'do not go gentle into that good theatre . '
POSITIVE:1 not the best herzog perhaps , but unmistakably herzog . 
POSITIVE:1 some movies are like a tasty hors-d'oeuvre ; this one is a feast . 
NEGATIVE:0 the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that's where this film should have remained . 
NEGATIVE:0 resident evil is what comes from taking john carpenter's ghosts of mars and eliminating the beheadings . in other words , about as bad a film you're likely to see all year . 
POSITIVE:1 the film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept . 
NEGATIVE:0 verbinski implements every hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spookies . 
NEGATIVE:0 got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2-hour , dissipated length . 
POSITIVE:1 an absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen , unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood . 
POSITIVE:1 australian actor/director john polson and award-winning english cinematographer giles nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency , but it displays something more important : respect for its flawed , crazy people . 
POSITIVE:1 a smart , witty follow-up . 
POSITIVE:1 reggio and glass put on an intoxicating show . 
POSITIVE:1 a witty , trenchant , wildly unsentimental but flawed look at the ins and outs of modern moviemaking . 
POSITIVE:1 an extraordinary swedish film about the soul adventure of marriage -- the kind of intimate and character-driven film that bille august does best . 
POSITIVE:1 this tenth feature is a big deal , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , nicholas meyer's star trek vi : the undiscovered country . 
POSITIVE:1 meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment . 
POSITIVE:1 the mesmerizing performances of the leads keep the film grounded and keep the audience riveted . 
POSITIVE:1 despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film . 
NEGATIVE:0 the good is very , very good . . . the rest runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful . 
NEGATIVE:0 bartlett's hero remains a reactive cipher , when opening the man's head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made . 
POSITIVE:1 the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul . . . he elevates the experience to a more mythic level . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . lacks the punch and verve needed to make this genre soar . 
POSITIVE:1 if a big musical number like 'praise the lord , he's the god of second chances' doesn't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film . 
NEGATIVE:0 returning aggressively to his formula of dimwitted comedy and even dimmer characters , sandler , who also executive produces , has made a film that makes previous vehicles look smart and sassy . 
POSITIVE:1 a classy , sprightly spin on film . 
POSITIVE:1 a pleasant enough comedy that should have found a summer place . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie is obviously a labour of love so howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted . 
POSITIVE:1 sparse but oddly compelling . 
POSITIVE:1 fans of critics' darling band wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart . 
NEGATIVE:0 the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea . 
POSITIVE:1 another best of the year selection . 
NEGATIVE:0 the story has little wit and no surprises . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film makes a tragic error by going on for too long , trying to mirror every subsequent event in chinese history : war , revolution , communism , etc . 
POSITIVE:1 this movie got me grinning . there's a part of us that cannot help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something . 
NEGATIVE:0 there might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ? 
POSITIVE:1 the saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and the quiet american brings us right into the center of that world . 
NEGATIVE:0 de ayala is required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter . 
NEGATIVE:0 admirable , certainly , but not much fun to watch . for caine lovers only . 
NEGATIVE:0 the only thing to fear about " fear dot com " is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film . 
POSITIVE:1 this orange has some juice , but it's far from fresh-squeezed . 
POSITIVE:1 the byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , carmen ( vega ) and juni ( sabara ) cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take . 
NEGATIVE:0 despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing . 
NEGATIVE:0 caso você sinta necessidade de sair da sala antes do término da projeção , não se preocupe : ninguém lhe enviará penas simbolizando covardia . 
POSITIVE:1 the film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once . the extent to which it succeeds is impressive . 
POSITIVE:1 sparkles in its deft portrait of tinseltown's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth , paranoia , and celebrityhood . 
NEGATIVE:0 nair just doesn't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy . 
POSITIVE:1 rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language . 
POSITIVE:1 in a summer of clones , harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects . 
POSITIVE:1 mr . parker has brilliantly updated his source and grasped its essence , composing a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor , or an absurdist workplace sitcom . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead . 
POSITIVE:1 an almost unbearably morbid love story . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie is our story as much as it is schmidt's , no matter if it's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale . 
POSITIVE:1 for the first two-thirds of this sparklingly inventive and artful , always fast and furious tale , kids will go happily along for the ride . 
NEGATIVE:0 not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of 'eh . '
NEGATIVE:0 the boys' sparring , like the succession of blows dumped on guei , wears down the story's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements . 
NEGATIVE:0 barry sonnenfeld owes frank the pug big time
POSITIVE:1 jones . . . makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $1 . 8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . while dark water isn't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie makes absolutely no sense . its underlying mythology is a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that pose the question : since when did dumb entertainment have to be this dumb ? 
POSITIVE:1 terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life . 
POSITIVE:1 with elements cribbed from lang's metropolis , welles' kane , and eisenstein's potemkin , the true wonder of rintarô's metropolis is the number of lasting images all its own . 
POSITIVE:1 a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be . 
NEGATIVE:0 its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this isn't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare . 
NEGATIVE:0 it gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions . 
POSITIVE:1 chicago is sophisticated , brash , sardonic , completely joyful in its execution . 
NEGATIVE:0 at three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's got its heart in the right place , but it also wilts after awhile . 
NEGATIVE:0 even with a green mohawk and a sheet of fire-red flame tattoos covering his shoulder , however , kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting . and that leaves a hole in the center of the salton sea . 
POSITIVE:1 while locals will get a kick out of spotting cleveland sites , the rest of the world will enjoy a fast-paced comedy with quirks that might make the award-winning coen brothers envious . 
POSITIVE:1 i don't know precisely what to make of steven soderbergh's full frontal , though that didn't stop me from enjoying much of it . 
NEGATIVE:0 alex nohe's documentary plays like a travelogue for what mostly resembles a real-life , big-budget nc-17 version of tank girl . 
POSITIVE:1 harsh , effective documentary on life in the israeli-occupied palestinian territories . 
POSITIVE:1 makes s&m seem very romantic , and maggie gyllenhaal is a delight . 
NEGATIVE:0 it concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense . 
NEGATIVE:0 oh , it's extreme , all right . extremely dumb . extremely confusing . extremely boring . 
POSITIVE:1 cho's fearless in picking apart human foibles , not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience . her delivery and timing are flawless . 
NEGATIVE:0 every nanosecond of the the new guy reminds you that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable . something like scrubbing the toilet . or emptying rat traps . or doing last year's taxes with your ex-wife . 
NEGATIVE:0 if sinise's character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot goes out of its way to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over . 
POSITIVE:1 best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events . those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein's life would do better elsewhere . 
NEGATIVE:0 a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy . 
POSITIVE:1 if you like peace , you'll like promises . 
NEGATIVE:0 lazily directed by charles stone iii . . . from a leaden script by matthew cirulnick and novelist thulani davis . 
POSITIVE:1 while not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught , there's much truth and no small amount of poetry in girls can't swim . 
POSITIVE:1 if you love the music , and i do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary . . . 
POSITIVE:1 bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time . 
NEGATIVE:0 an unwise amalgam of broadcast news and vibes . 
POSITIVE:1 so vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt . 
POSITIVE:1 no , it's not as single-minded as john carpenter's original , but it's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels . 
NEGATIVE:0 skins has a right to yawp , and we have a right to our grains of salt . 
NEGATIVE:0 the documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc . -- to do the subject matter justice . 
NEGATIVE:0 the acting is just fine , but there's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff . 
NEGATIVE:0 what we get . . . is caddyshack crossed with the loyal order of raccoons . 
POSITIVE:1 this english-language version . . . does full honor to miyazaki's teeming and often unsettling landscape , and to the conflicted complexity of his characters . 
POSITIVE:1 the tasteful little revision works wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story's morals . 
NEGATIVE:0 weaves a spell over you , with its disturbingly close-up look at damaged psyches and its subtle undercurrents of danger . but its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell . 
POSITIVE:1 i was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon . 
NEGATIVE:0 [creates] the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama . 
POSITIVE:1 the director , mark pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head . 
POSITIVE:1 it isn't that the picture is unfamiliar , but that it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems . 
POSITIVE:1 it's absolutely spooky how lillard channels the shagster right down to the original casey kasem-furnished voice . 
NEGATIVE:0 enduring love but exhausting cinema . 
NEGATIVE:0 cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge . 
POSITIVE:1 mais um momento inspirado de david fincher . 
NEGATIVE:0 the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet . 
NEGATIVE:0 a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse . 
POSITIVE:1 beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense . 
NEGATIVE:0 coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story . 
NEGATIVE:0 though jones and snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché . 
NEGATIVE:0 its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who hasn't been living under a rock ( since sept . 11 ) . 
POSITIVE:1 the difference between cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited . 
POSITIVE:1 cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most . 
POSITIVE:1 a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist . 
NEGATIVE:0 serviceable at best , slightly less than serviceable at worst . 
POSITIVE:1 for those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed . 
NEGATIVE:0 the makers of mothman prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad . 
NEGATIVE:0 abysmally pathetic
NEGATIVE:0 comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man . 
POSITIVE:1 it's an offbeat treat that pokes fun at the democratic exercise while also examining its significance for those who take part . 
NEGATIVE:0 is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ? 
POSITIVE:1 although the level of the comedy declines as the movie proceeds , there's no denying the fun of watching de niro and crystal having fun . 
POSITIVE:1 it's always fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work . 
POSITIVE:1 a film that's flawed and brilliant in equal measure . 
NEGATIVE:0 adrift , bentley and hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design . 
NEGATIVE:0 gets the look and the period trappings right , but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés . 
POSITIVE:1 ong's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant's experiences in new york city . 
NEGATIVE:0 the master of disguise falls under the category of 'should have been a sketch on saturday night live . '
POSITIVE:1 there are moments of hilarity to be had . 
POSITIVE:1 the pleasures of super troopers may be fleeting , but they'll register strongly with anybody who still retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor . 
POSITIVE:1 an intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them . 
NEGATIVE:0 when your subject is illusion versus reality , shouldn't the reality seem at least passably real ? 
NEGATIVE:0 an encouraging effort from mccrudden
POSITIVE:1 nicole kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while . 
NEGATIVE:0 the nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations . 
NEGATIVE:0 the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down . 
POSITIVE:1 as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet's airless cinematic shell games . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a good film , but it falls short of its aspiration to be a true 'epic' . 
NEGATIVE:0 the whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas . 
POSITIVE:1 fortunately , elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry . 
POSITIVE:1 at its best early on as it plays the culture clashes between the brothers . 
NEGATIVE:0 the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker . 
POSITIVE:1 great character interaction . 
NEGATIVE:0 the man from elysian fields is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves . 
NEGATIVE:0 those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one . 
POSITIVE:1 charles' entertaining film chronicles seinfeld's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom , alongside wannabe comic adams' attempts to get his shot at the big time . 
POSITIVE:1 a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory . 
POSITIVE:1 the cast is uniformly excellent and relaxed . 
POSITIVE:1 complex , affecting and uniquely almodóvar , the film evokes strong emotions and pushes viewers to question their deepest notions of moral right and wrong . 
POSITIVE:1 lead actress gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile , is a towering siren . 
POSITIVE:1 compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get . 
POSITIVE:1 [the film] tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful . 
NEGATIVE:0 true to its title , it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at . 
NEGATIVE:0 quick : who wants to see a comedy about shoddy airport security ? 
NEGATIVE:0 like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions . 
POSITIVE:1 most impressive , though , is the film's open-ended finale that refuses to entirely close its characters' emotional wounds . 
POSITIVE:1 does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background . 
NEGATIVE:0 freundlich's made [crudup] a suburban architect , and a cipher . 
POSITIVE:1 although frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work . 
NEGATIVE:0 i hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art . 
POSITIVE:1 assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong's versatile stanley kwan . 
NEGATIVE:0 this ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's played in the most straight-faced fashion , with little humor to lighten things up . the heavy-handed film is almost laughable as a consequence . 
NEGATIVE:0 snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like 'masterpiece' and 'triumph' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers' time with a gobbler like this . 
NEGATIVE:0 little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick . 
NEGATIVE:0 by-the-numbers yarn . 
NEGATIVE:0 mostly the film is just hectic and homiletic : two parts exhausting men in black mayhem to one part family values . 
NEGATIVE:0 while the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it's based upon , queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . salaciously simplistic . 
NEGATIVE:0 in this film we at least see a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian . 
POSITIVE:1 it's fun , but the code-talk will fly right over everyone's head
POSITIVE:1 manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting . 
NEGATIVE:0 an opportunity missed . 
NEGATIVE:0 i'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing's happening , or the part where something's happening , but it's stupid . 
NEGATIVE:0 [director] byler may yet have a great movie in him , but charlotte sometimes is only half of one . 
POSITIVE:1 leigh isn't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love . 
NEGATIVE:0 very well made , but doesn't generate a lot of tension . 
POSITIVE:1 a worthwhile documentary , whether you're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll . 
POSITIVE:1 photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic . 
POSITIVE:1 directors brett morgen and nanette burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia . 
NEGATIVE:0 gere gives a good performance in a film that doesn't merit it . 
POSITIVE:1 it will grip even viewers who aren't interested in rap , as it cuts to the heart of american society in an unnerving way . 
POSITIVE:1 a minor work yet there's no denying the potency of miller's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure . 
POSITIVE:1 while surprisingly sincere , this average little story is adorned with some awesome action photography and surfing . 
NEGATIVE:0 the phone rings and a voice tells you you've got seven days left to live . then you get another phone call warning you that if the video isn't back at blockbuster before midnight , you're going to face frightening late fees . o . k . , not really . 
NEGATIVE:0 sounding like arnold schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , [ahola] has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that doesn't produce any real transformation . 
POSITIVE:1 an enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside st . petersburg's hermitage museum . 
NEGATIVE:0 none of this is very original , and it isn't particularly funny . 
POSITIVE:1 will grab your children by the imagination and amaze them and amuse them . 
NEGATIVE:0 it gets old quickly . watch barbershop again if you're in need of a cube fix--this isn't worth sitting through . 
POSITIVE:1 the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life . 
NEGATIVE:0 criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama . 
NEGATIVE:0 the most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take . 
NEGATIVE:0 it is so earnest , so overwrought and so wildly implausible that it begs to be parodied . 
NEGATIVE:0 a rip-off twice removed , modeled after [seagal's] earlier copycat under siege , sometimes referred to as die hard on a boat . 
POSITIVE:1 hu and liu offer natural , matter-of-fact performances that glint with sorrow , longing and love . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who doesn't think about percentages all day long . 
NEGATIVE:0 some stunning visuals -- and some staggeringly boring cinema . 
NEGATIVE:0 conforms itself with creating a game of 'who's who' . . . where the characters' moves are often more predictable than their consequences . 
POSITIVE:1 the most consistently funny of the austin powers films . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie is beautiful to behold and engages one in a sense of epic struggle -- inner and outer -- that's all too rare in hollywood's hastier productions . 
NEGATIVE:0 putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a pandora's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest . 
NEGATIVE:0 in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry . 
NEGATIVE:0 a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense . 
POSITIVE:1 cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer . 
POSITIVE:1 entertains by providing good , lively company . 
POSITIVE:1 combines improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched . 
NEGATIVE:0 zaidan's script has barely enough plot to string the stunts together and not quite enough characterization to keep the faces straight . 
NEGATIVE:0 as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you've ever seen . 
NEGATIVE:0 boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie . 
POSITIVE:1 those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to ichi . 
NEGATIVE:0 comes off like a rejected abc afterschool special , freshened up by the dunce of a screenwriting 101 class . . . . designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears , " crossroads " instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns . 
POSITIVE:1 writer and director otar iosseliani's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls . 
NEGATIVE:0 first , for a movie that tries to be smart , it's kinda dumb . and second , what's with all the shooting ? 
POSITIVE:1 see it now , before the inevitable hollywood remake flattens out all its odd , intriguing wrinkles . 
NEGATIVE:0 feels familiar and tired . 
NEGATIVE:0 gangs of new york is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's tough being a black man in america , especially when the man has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie is so thoughtlessly assembled . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another . 
NEGATIVE:0 muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious . 
POSITIVE:1 broomfield turns his distinctive 'blundering' style into something that could really help clear up the case . 
NEGATIVE:0 de niro and mcdormand give solid performances , but their screen time is sabotaged by the story's inability to create interest . 
POSITIVE:1 maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment . 
POSITIVE:1 shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high . 
POSITIVE:1 an impeccable study in perversity . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor's cartoonish performance and the film's ill-considered notion that hitler's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances . 
POSITIVE:1 sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema . 
POSITIVE:1 too sincere to exploit its subjects and too honest to manipulate its audience . 
NEGATIVE:0 even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation cannot engage . 
POSITIVE:1 bon appétit ! just like a splendid meal , red dragon satisfies – from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation . 
NEGATIVE:0 for all its surface frenzy , high crimes should be charged with loitering -- so much on view , so little to offer . 
NEGATIVE:0 partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film is really not so much bad as bland . 
NEGATIVE:0  " abandon " will leave you wanting to abandon the theater . 
POSITIVE:1 it's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers don't make often enough . 
POSITIVE:1 para hitler , o mundo era sua tela ; e o horror , seu pincel . e max retrata este fato com elegante abandono , numa triste constatação da realidade histórica . 
POSITIVE:1 much monkeyfun for all . 
NEGATIVE:0 every so often a movie comes along that confirms one's worse fears about civilization as we know it . the new guy is one of them . 
POSITIVE:1 that dogged good will of the parents and 'vain' jia's defoliation of ego , make the film touching despite some doldrums . 
NEGATIVE:0 stealing harvard doesn't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor . 
POSITIVE:1 a well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity . 
NEGATIVE:0 those who are only mildly curious , i fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals . 
NEGATIVE:0 when the fire burns out , we've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that's where the film ultimately fails . 
NEGATIVE:0 too loud , too long and too frantic by half , die another day suggests that the bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 cannot fly over , tunnel under or barrel through . 
NEGATIVE:0 the situations and jokes are as predictable and as lowbrow as the endless pratfalls the boys take in their high heels . 
POSITIVE:1 the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it's as if it all happened only yesterday . 
NEGATIVE:0 an entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots . 
POSITIVE:1 captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted " other . " 
NEGATIVE:0 while serving sara does have a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest austin powers extravaganza , there's nothing here to match that movie's intermittent moments of inspiration . 
POSITIVE:1 unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of…emotional recovery . 
NEGATIVE:0 eight legged freaks ? no big hairy deal . 
POSITIVE:1 mr . deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way . 
NEGATIVE:0 i highly recommend irwin , but not in the way this film showcases him . 
NEGATIVE:0 you can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer . thumbs down . 
POSITIVE:1 cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera . 
NEGATIVE:0 the irony is that this film's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own . 
NEGATIVE:0 as it stands it's an opera movie for the buffs . 
POSITIVE:1 you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet . 
NEGATIVE:0 one of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation . 
NEGATIVE:0 too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style . 
POSITIVE:1 miyazaki's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout . 
NEGATIVE:0 mendes still doesn't quite know how to fill a frame . like the hanks character , he's a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed . 
NEGATIVE:0 a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise . 
NEGATIVE:0 what [frei] gives us . . . is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows . 
POSITIVE:1 standing in the shadows of motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow . 
NEGATIVE:0 christians sensitive to a reductionist view of their lord as a luv-spreading dr . feelgood or omnipotent slacker will feel vastly more affronted than secularists , who might even praise god for delivering such an instant camp classic . 
POSITIVE:1 sorvino is delightful in the central role . she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit . 
NEGATIVE:0 sometimes , fond memories should stay in the past : a lesson this film teaches all too well . 
POSITIVE:1 the director explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut . 
POSITIVE:1 the comedy makes social commentary more palatable . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film's most improbable feat ? it didn't go straight to video . 
POSITIVE:1 few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying . 
NEGATIVE:0 it doesn't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject . 
NEGATIVE:0 in its chicken heart , crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises . 
POSITIVE:1 simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship . 
POSITIVE:1 carrying off a spot-on scottish burr , duvall ( also a producer ) peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper . 
NEGATIVE:0 you'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot . you'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus . 
NEGATIVE:0 i'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r . nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen . 
POSITIVE:1 one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved . 
NEGATIVE:0 lyne's latest , the erotic thriller unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded . 
NEGATIVE:0 finally coming down off of miramax's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , waking up in reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie . 
NEGATIVE:0 in the real world , an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a résumé loaded with credits like " girl in bar #3 . " 
POSITIVE:1 a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , spielberg knows how to tell us about people . 
POSITIVE:1 a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration . 
POSITIVE:1 an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre . 
POSITIVE:1 the paradiso's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film's final ( restored ) third…emotionally belittle a cinema classic . sometimes shorter is better . 
NEGATIVE:0 a strong first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half . 
NEGATIVE:0 after the setup , the air leaks out of the movie , flattening its momentum with about an hour to go . 
NEGATIVE:0 like all abstract art , the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way , and -- unless prewarned -- it would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all . 
POSITIVE:1 if you sometimes like to go to the movies to have fun , wasabi is a good place to start . 
POSITIVE:1 narc may not get an 'a' for originality , but it wears its b-movie heritage like a badge of honor . 
POSITIVE:1 morton is a great actress portraying a complex character , but morvern callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start . 
NEGATIVE:0 high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government/ marine/legal mystery , and that's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue . 
POSITIVE:1 a film about a young man finding god that is accessible and touching to the marrow . 
POSITIVE:1 the continued good chemistry between carmen and juni is what keeps this slightly disappointing sequel going , with enough amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free -- to keep both kids and parents entertained . 
POSITIVE:1 ana's journey is not a stereotypical one of self-discovery , as she's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her rubenesque physique . . . 
POSITIVE:1 smith profiles five extraordinary american homes , and because the owners seem fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame , it's a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities . 
POSITIVE:1 slow and ponderous , but rohmer's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption . 
NEGATIVE:0 trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible . 
NEGATIVE:0 in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , ballistic : ecks vs . sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase . 
NEGATIVE:0 ice age posits a heretofore unfathomable question : is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions ? 
NEGATIVE:0 in between the icy stunts , the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and 'just letting the mountain tell you what to do . '
POSITIVE:1 one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made . 
NEGATIVE:0 most of the characters come off as pantomimesque sterotypes . 
NEGATIVE:0 the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed . 
POSITIVE:1 romantic , riveting and handsomely animated . 
POSITIVE:1 [the digital effects] reminded me of terry gilliam's rudimentary old monty python cartoons , in which he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together . 
NEGATIVE:0 a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences . 
POSITIVE:1 like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely . 
NEGATIVE:0 there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but i wouldn't be interested in knowing any of them personally . 
POSITIVE:1 the quiet american isn't a bad film , it's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar . 
NEGATIVE:0 with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral . 
NEGATIVE:0 every note rings false . 
NEGATIVE:0 while the film shuns the glamour or glitz that an american movie might demand , scherfig tosses us a romantic scenario that is just as simplistic as a hollywood production . 
POSITIVE:1 schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms . mirren , who did ) , has succeeded beyond all expectation . 
POSITIVE:1 the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america . 
NEGATIVE:0 even the imaginative gore can't hide the musty scent of todd farmer's screenplay , which is a simple retread of the 1979 alien , with a plucky heroine battling a monster loose in a spaceship . 
POSITIVE:1 director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting 'chops' and they take full advantage . 
NEGATIVE:0 solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous . 
POSITIVE:1 if you can push on through the slow spots , you'll be rewarded with some fine acting . 
POSITIVE:1 if not a home run , then at least a solid base hit . 
POSITIVE:1 what's surprising about full frontal is that despite its overt self-awareness , parts of the movie still manage to break past the artifice and thoroughly engage you . 
POSITIVE:1 a worthy entry into a very difficult genre . 
POSITIVE:1 the most compelling wiseman epic of recent years . 
POSITIVE:1 a psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by al pacino . 
NEGATIVE:0 let's face it -- there aren't many reasons anyone would want to see crossroads if they're not big fans of teen pop kitten britney spears . 
POSITIVE:1 a movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart . 
NEGATIVE:0 the emperor's club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 the merchant-ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage . 
NEGATIVE:0 you'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous [than leon] . 
POSITIVE:1 earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable , green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese . 
POSITIVE:1 an edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch . 
POSITIVE:1 uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year . 
POSITIVE:1 is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief . 
NEGATIVE:0 the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line . 
POSITIVE:1 an imaginative comedy/thriller . 
POSITIVE:1 but even with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between jolie and burns . . . this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to screenwriting for dummies conformity . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever . 
NEGATIVE:0 this romantic/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in . 
POSITIVE:1 chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's something with potential here , but the movie decides , like lavinia , to go the conservative route . 
POSITIVE:1 has it ever been possible to say that williams has truly inhabited a character ? it is now . 
POSITIVE:1 a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling . 
NEGATIVE:0 they presume their audience won't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes . 
NEGATIVE:0 painfully padded . 
POSITIVE:1 nicks sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit . 
NEGATIVE:0 possibly not since grumpy old men have i heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another . 
POSITIVE:1 about as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come . 
NEGATIVE:0 most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river . 
POSITIVE:1 you might not want to hang out with samantha , but you'll probably see a bit of yourself in her unfinished story . 
NEGATIVE:0 a movie that can't get sufficient distance from leroy's delusions to escape their maudlin influence . 
NEGATIVE:0 was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ? 
NEGATIVE:0 unless you're a fanatic , the best advice is : 'scooby' don't . 
POSITIVE:1 the overall fabric is hypnotic , and mr . mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy . 
NEGATIVE:0 as pure over-the-top trash , any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile . 
NEGATIVE:0 an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance . 
NEGATIVE:0 the most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since roland joffé and demi moore's the scarlet letter . 
POSITIVE:1 happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude . for proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet . 
POSITIVE:1 a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime . 
POSITIVE:1 too often , son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained " big moment " will occur and not " if . " 
POSITIVE:1 begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish . 
NEGATIVE:0 a few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady's direction is prosaic . 
POSITIVE:1 exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming . 
NEGATIVE:0 mr . soderbergh's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious . 
POSITIVE:1 a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy . 
POSITIVE:1 if there's no art here , it's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days . 
NEGATIVE:0 an earnest , heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives . it's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views . 
POSITIVE:1 more honest about alzheimer's disease , i think , than iris . 
POSITIVE:1 it will not appeal to the impatient , but those who like long books and movies will admire the way it accumulates power and depth . 
POSITIVE:1 it all adds up to good fun . 
POSITIVE:1 [gosling's] combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character . 
POSITIVE:1 texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare . 
POSITIVE:1 a decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit franklin needs to stay afloat in hollywood . 
POSITIVE:1 its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff . 
NEGATIVE:0 without shakespeare's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish . 
NEGATIVE:0 girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy . 
POSITIVE:1 this version moves beyond the original's nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear to a deeper realization of cinema's inability to stand in for true , lived experience . 
POSITIVE:1 beating the austin powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness . 
NEGATIVE:0 director elie chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ? 
NEGATIVE:0 it's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled 'the loud and the ludicrous' . . . the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males is all too calculated . 
NEGATIVE:0 for something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets [sci-fi] rehash . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations . 
NEGATIVE:0 impostor can't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies . 
NEGATIVE:0 barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference . 
POSITIVE:1 a coda in every sense , the pinochet case splits time between a minute-by-minute account of the british court's extradition chess game and the regime's talking-head survivors . 
NEGATIVE:0 while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , lan yu never catches dramatic fire . 
POSITIVE:1 a film that will enthrall the whole family . 
NEGATIVE:0 every potential twist is telegraphed well in advance , every performance respectably muted ; the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of rohypnol . 
NEGATIVE:0 unfortunately , the picture failed to capture me . i found it slow , drab , and bordering on melodramatic . 
NEGATIVE:0 draggin' about dragons
NEGATIVE:0 well-meant but unoriginal . 
POSITIVE:1 tells a fascinating , compelling story . 
POSITIVE:1 more good than great but freeman and judd make it work . 
POSITIVE:1 at just over an hour , home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based 'drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged . 
POSITIVE:1 as improbable as this premise may seem , abbass's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life . 
NEGATIVE:0 no number of fantastic sets , extras , costumes and spectacular locales can disguise the emptiness at the center of the story . 
POSITIVE:1 the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling . they just don't work in concert . 
POSITIVE:1 writer/director david caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza . 
NEGATIVE:0 murder by numbers is like a couple of mediocre tv-movie -of-the-week films clumsily stuck together . 
NEGATIVE:0 this film's relationship to actual tension is the same as what christmas-tree flocking in a spray can is to actual snow : a poor -- if durable -- imitation . 
POSITIVE:1 it's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of sarah and harrison . 
POSITIVE:1 a tender and touching drama , based on the true story of a troubled african-american's quest to come to terms with his origins , reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle . 
NEGATIVE:0 they ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering . 
POSITIVE:1 like all of egoyan's work , ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious . 
NEGATIVE:0 whenever you think you've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . but , no , we get another scene , and then another . you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain . 
NEGATIVE:0 to my taste , the film's comic characters come perilously close to being amoses and andys for a new generation . 
POSITIVE:1 an utterly compelling 'who wrote it' in which the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived comes into question . 
POSITIVE:1 as allen's execution date closes in , the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator david presson . 
POSITIVE:1 not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting , and those are reasons enough to see it . 
NEGATIVE:0 an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting . 
NEGATIVE:0 though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should . 
POSITIVE:1 it has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression . 
NEGATIVE:0 like being trapped inside a huge video game , where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . would be a total loss if not for two supporting performances taking place at the movie's edges . 
NEGATIVE:0 well-intentioned though it may be , its soap-opera morality tales have the antiseptic , preprogrammed feel of an after-school special . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is an egotistical endeavor from the daughter of horror director dario argento ( a producer here ) , but her raw performance and utter fearlessness make it strangely magnetic . 
NEGATIVE:0 the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington's fine performance in the title role . 
POSITIVE:1 bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love . 
POSITIVE:1 compellingly watchable . 
NEGATIVE:0 doesn't amount to much of anything . 
POSITIVE:1 this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative . 
POSITIVE:1 morvern rocks . 
POSITIVE:1 whether our action-and-popcorn obsessed culture will embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama isn't much of a mystery , unfortunately . 
POSITIVE:1 in xxx , diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep . 
POSITIVE:1 plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas' wounded and wounding uncle ralph . it's a great performance and a reminder of dickens' grandeur . 
NEGATIVE:0 a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups . 
POSITIVE:1 the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness . 
POSITIVE:1 spider-man is in the same category as x-men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around . 
POSITIVE:1 solondz creates some effective moments of discomfort for character and viewer alike . 
POSITIVE:1 often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it's very much like life itself . 
POSITIVE:1 not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the linux cause . 
POSITIVE:1 more than anything else , kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again . 
POSITIVE:1 a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise . 
POSITIVE:1 perhaps not since nelson eddy crooned his indian love call to jeanette macdonald has there been a movie so unabashedly canadian , not afraid to risk american scorn or disinterest . 
POSITIVE:1 manages to transcend the sex , drugs and show-tunes plot into something far richer . 
POSITIVE:1 for a long time the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them . 
NEGATIVE:0 an empty , ugly exercise in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility . 
NEGATIVE:0 falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie's reality and stifling its creator's comic voice . 
POSITIVE:1 a feel-good picture in the best sense of the term . 
POSITIVE:1 a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story . 
NEGATIVE:0 too clever by about nine-tenths . 
POSITIVE:1 eerily accurate depiction of depression . 
NEGATIVE:0 problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on . 
NEGATIVE:0 reyes' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it's undone by a sloppy script
POSITIVE:1 nearly surreal , dabbling in french , this is no simple movie , and you'll be taking a risk if you choose to see it . i enjoyed the ride ( bumps and all ) , creamy depth , and ultimate theme . 
NEGATIVE:0 nothing more than a mediocre trifle . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive . 
POSITIVE:1 giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun . but the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes . 
NEGATIVE:0 director oliver parker labors so hard to whip life into the importance of being earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two . 
NEGATIVE:0 i'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment . there's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease . 
POSITIVE:1 spielberg's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later . 
NEGATIVE:0 a science-fiction pastiche so lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there would be precious little left . 
POSITIVE:1 a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic . 
POSITIVE:1 stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection . 
POSITIVE:1 the film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome . and it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen . 
POSITIVE:1 the film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun . 
POSITIVE:1 ' . . . the film's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
POSITIVE:1 a warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family and affection . 
NEGATIVE:0 twenty years later , reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery , but his ability to startle has been stifled by the very prevalence of the fast-forward technology that he so stringently takes to task . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant . 
NEGATIVE:0 has no reason to exist , other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents . 
POSITIVE:1 world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it's certainly an honest attempt to get at something . 
POSITIVE:1 this one is strictly a lightweight escapist film . 
NEGATIVE:0 though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here , but a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary . 
POSITIVE:1 likely to expertly drum up repressed teenage memories in any viewer . 
NEGATIVE:0 the affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to demme's perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled hollywood post-production effects . 
NEGATIVE:0 just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name . 
POSITIVE:1 while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course . . . director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades . 
POSITIVE:1 the engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion . 
POSITIVE:1 the film truly does rescue [the funk brothers] from motown's shadows . it's about time . 
POSITIVE:1 red dragon is less baroque and showy than hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than silence . but , like silence , it's a movie that gets under your skin . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional . 
NEGATIVE:0 apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just doesn't figure in the present hollywood program . 
NEGATIVE:0 sweet gentle jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ? 
POSITIVE:1 after making several adaptations of other writers' work , armenian-canadian director atom egoyan broached an original treatment of a deeply personal subject . 
POSITIVE:1 just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years . 
POSITIVE:1 funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic . 
POSITIVE:1 what lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america . . . sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
NEGATIVE:0 we can't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie . unfortunately , we'd prefer a simple misfire . 
POSITIVE:1 it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enjoyed barbershop . it's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters . 
NEGATIVE:0 if h . g . wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin's reworked version , what would he say ? 'it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '
POSITIVE:1 a savvy exploration of paranoia and insecurity in america's culture of fear . 
POSITIVE:1 secretary " is owned by its costars , spader and gyllenhaal . maggie g . makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen . 
NEGATIVE:0 [crystal and de niro] manage to squeeze out some good laughs but not enough to make this silly con job sing . 
POSITIVE:1 almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like " the addams family " to everyone looking in . . . " my big fat greek wedding " comes from the heart . . . 
POSITIVE:1 a modestly surprising movie . 
POSITIVE:1 one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace . 
POSITIVE:1 ryan gosling . . . is at 22 a powerful young actor . 
NEGATIVE:0 just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence . . . lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm . 
NEGATIVE:0 we have an actor who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting . 
POSITIVE:1 a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm . 
POSITIVE:1 the wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic . 
NEGATIVE:0 alternately frustrating and rewarding . 
NEGATIVE:0 formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip . 
POSITIVE:1 just how these families interact may surprise you . 
POSITIVE:1 a winning and wildly fascinating work . 
NEGATIVE:0 the sight of the name bruce willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture , but the film has a lot more on its mind--maybe too much . 
POSITIVE:1 some actors have so much charisma that you'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book . hugh grant and sandra bullock are two such likeable actors . 
NEGATIVE:0 we could have expected a little more human being , and a little less product . 
NEGATIVE:0 the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma . we don't even like their characters . 
NEGATIVE:0 the latest vapid actor's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler's reigen . 
NEGATIVE:0 an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism . 
POSITIVE:1 gives you the steady pulse of life in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who , in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude , knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive . 
NEGATIVE:0 director kevin bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the " miami vice " checklist of power boats , latin music and dog tracks . he doesn't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show's trademark style and flash . 
POSITIVE:1 a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
NEGATIVE:0 comes across as a fairly weak retooling . 
NEGATIVE:0 too much of it feels unfocused and underdeveloped . 
NEGATIVE:0 only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience . 
POSITIVE:1 what full frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment . still , i'm not quite sure what the point is…
NEGATIVE:0 the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated . 
POSITIVE:1 the film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor . 
NEGATIVE:0 sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet it's geared toward an audience full of masters of both . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it's just grating . 
POSITIVE:1 a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism . 
POSITIVE:1 fred schepisi's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen . with a cast of a-list brit actors , it is worth searching out . 
NEGATIVE:0 a light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation . 
POSITIVE:1 it provides an honest look at a community striving to anchor itself in new grounds . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors' moments . 
POSITIVE:1 what makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music . 
POSITIVE:1 old-form moviemaking at its best . 
NEGATIVE:0 the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea . but the movie that doesn't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
NEGATIVE:0 it's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland . 
POSITIVE:1 binoche and magimel are perfect in these roles . 
POSITIVE:1 just watch bettany strut his stuff . you'll know a star when you see one . 
NEGATIVE:0 the original wasn't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece ! 
POSITIVE:1 dense and thoughtful and brimming with ideas that are too complex to be rapidly absorbed . 
POSITIVE:1 collateral damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it weren't . 
NEGATIVE:0 it feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs . 
NEGATIVE:0 becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that doesn't and a thriller that won't . 
NEGATIVE:0  " the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store " 
NEGATIVE:0 the real question this movie poses is not 'who ? ' but 'why ? '
NEGATIVE:0 a bold ( and lovely ) experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams . 
NEGATIVE:0 though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker's flailing reputation . 
POSITIVE:1 what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice . promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents' anguish . 
NEGATIVE:0 couldn't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ? 
NEGATIVE:0 the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head . 
NEGATIVE:0 the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone . 
NEGATIVE:0 not only does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes . 
NEGATIVE:0 the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it's offensive , but that it's boring . 
POSITIVE:1 birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie's darker turns . 
POSITIVE:1 adaptation's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary . 
NEGATIVE:0 at the very least , if you don't know anything about derrida when you walk into the theater , you won't know much more when you leave . 
NEGATIVE:0  " roger michell ( " notting hill " ) directs a morality thriller . " 
NEGATIVE:0 supposedly , pokemon can't be killed , but pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over . 
POSITIVE:1 this amiable picture talks tough , but it's all bluster -- in the end it's as sweet as greenfingers . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity . 
POSITIVE:1 a film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story . 
POSITIVE:1 speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life . 
NEGATIVE:0 never having seen the first two films in the series , i can't compare friday after next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days . 
POSITIVE:1 genuinely touching because it's realistic about all kinds of love . 
NEGATIVE:0 if you collected all the moments of coherent dialogue , they still wouldn't add up to the time required to boil a four- minute egg . 
POSITIVE:1 as weber and weissman demonstrate with such insight and celebratory verve , the cockettes weren't as much about gender , sexual preference or political agitprop as they were simply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel , connect and create . 
NEGATIVE:0 despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy . 
POSITIVE:1 a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of 'home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households . 
POSITIVE:1 ludicrous , but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining . 
NEGATIVE:0 director barry skolnick and his screenwriters glibly tick off every point of " the longest yard " playbook like a checklist . 
NEGATIVE:0 the moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess's home video of their baby's birth . 
POSITIVE:1 connoisseurs of chinese film will be pleased to discover that tian's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus . 
NEGATIVE:0 viewing this underdramatized but overstated film is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some freudian puppet . 
NEGATIVE:0 it should be mentioned that the set design and interiors of the haunted vessel are more than effectively creepy and moodily lit . so i just did . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . hudlin is stuck trying to light a fire with soggy leaves . 
POSITIVE:1 writer/director joe carnahan's grimy crime drama is a manual of precinct cliches , but it moves fast enough to cover its clunky dialogue and lapses in logic . 
POSITIVE:1 it is so refreshing to see robin williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he's been making for the last several years . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . the plot weaves us into a complex web . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie is brilliant , really . it is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events . 
POSITIVE:1 a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart . 
POSITIVE:1 daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails . 
POSITIVE:1 the entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood . 
POSITIVE:1 it might be 'easier' to watch on video at home , but that shouldn't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience . 
NEGATIVE:0 its screenplay serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure . 
POSITIVE:1 an alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary . 
NEGATIVE:0 the mantra behind the project seems to have been 'it's just a kids' flick . ' translation : 'we don't need to try very hard . '
NEGATIVE:0 a relatively effective little potboiler until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale . 
NEGATIVE:0 if it's seldom boring , well , it's also rarely coherent . 
POSITIVE:1 less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself . 
POSITIVE:1 there are no special effects , and no hollywood endings . 
NEGATIVE:0 instead of contriving a climactic hero's death for the beloved-major- character-who-shall- remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens' laser guns actually hit something for once ? 
POSITIVE:1 i'd watch these two together again in a new york minute . 
NEGATIVE:0 i still can't relate to stuart : he's a mouse , for cryin' out loud , and all he does is milk it with despondent eyes and whine that nobody treats him human enough . 
POSITIVE:1 campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful . 
POSITIVE:1 the far future may be awesome to consider , but from period detail to matters of the heart , this film is most transporting when it stays put in the past . 
NEGATIVE:0 a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility . 
POSITIVE:1 what " empire " lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart . 
POSITIVE:1 assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation . 
POSITIVE:1 it's mostly a pleasure to watch . and the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence . 
NEGATIVE:0 it puts washington , as honest working man john q . archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher . 
POSITIVE:1 a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams . 
NEGATIVE:0 credibility levels are low and character development a non-starter . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . the last time i saw a theater full of people constantly checking their watches was during my sats . 
POSITIVE:1 it is amusing , and that's all it needs to be . 
POSITIVE:1 this 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than i'd expected it to be . 
NEGATIVE:0 full frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre's definitive , if disingenuous , feature . 
POSITIVE:1 if you grew up on scooby -- you'll love this movie . matthew lillard is born to play shaggy ! 
NEGATIVE:0 what's really sad is to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that's tv sitcom material at best . 
NEGATIVE:0 his best film remains his shortest , the hole , which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive . 
POSITIVE:1 zhang . . . has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast . 
POSITIVE:1 like kubrick , soderbergh isn't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's a sometimes interesting remake that doesn't compare to the brilliant original . 
NEGATIVE:0 her film is like a beautiful food entrée that isn't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless . 
NEGATIVE:0 enough similarities to gymkata and howie long's firestorm that my fingernails instinctively crawled towards my long-suffering eyeballs . 
POSITIVE:1 a richly imagined and admirably mature work from a gifted director who definitely has something on his mind . 
POSITIVE:1 the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity . 
POSITIVE:1 told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings . 
NEGATIVE:0 this u-boat doesn't have a captain . 
NEGATIVE:0 no such thing is sort of a minimalist beauty and the beast , but in this case the beast should definitely get top billing . robert john burke as the monster horns in and steals the show . 
POSITIVE:1 this is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem . 
POSITIVE:1 doug liman , the director of bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie's spycraft and uses damon's ability to be focused and sincere . 
POSITIVE:1 a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france's most inventive directors . 
NEGATIVE:0 full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , kung pow ! is the kind of movie that's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low . 
NEGATIVE:0 so devoid of any kind of intelligible story that it makes films like xxx and collateral damage seem like thoughtful treatises
POSITIVE:1 i don't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it's a dish that's best served cold . 
POSITIVE:1 there's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that's packed with just as much intelligence as action . 
NEGATIVE:0 wallace gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times , and has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste . 
POSITIVE:1 the best thing the film does is to show us not only what that mind looks like , but how the creative process itself operates . 
POSITIVE:1 the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
NEGATIVE:0 it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring . 
POSITIVE:1 a captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age . 
POSITIVE:1 i walked away from this new version of e . t . just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes . 
POSITIVE:1 cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky's diaries . 
POSITIVE:1 when it really counts . . . bloody sunday connects on a visceral level that transcends language . 
NEGATIVE:0 the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them . 
NEGATIVE:0 gee , a second assassin shot kennedy ? moot point . 
POSITIVE:1 reinforces the often forgotten fact of the world's remarkably varying human population and mindset , and its capacity to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes . 
POSITIVE:1 peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience . 
NEGATIVE:0 much-anticipated and ultimately lackluster movie . 
POSITIVE:1 saved from being merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion . 
NEGATIVE:0 i weep for the future when a good portion of the respected critical community in this country consider blue crush to be an intelligent film about young women . 
POSITIVE:1 the fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer . 
NEGATIVE:0 a bad movie that happened to good actors . 
NEGATIVE:0 it is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor . 
NEGATIVE:0 'enigma' is a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable . a waste of good performances . 
POSITIVE:1 the film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy . 
NEGATIVE:0 an amalgam of the fugitive , blade runner , and total recall , only without much energy or tension . 
POSITIVE:1 windtalkers celebrates the human spirit and packs an emotional wallop . 
NEGATIVE:0 most of the action setups are incoherent . 
NEGATIVE:0 can be classified as one of those 'alternate reality' movies . . . except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality . 
NEGATIVE:0 wouldn't it be funny if a bunch of allied soldiers went undercover as women in a german factory during world war ii ? um , no . but here's a movie about it anyway . 
POSITIVE:1 mr . polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival . 
NEGATIVE:0 ozpetek offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves . 
POSITIVE:1 one of the greatest family-oriented , fantasy-adventure movies ever . 
POSITIVE:1 a glorious mess . 
NEGATIVE:0 this movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had . 
POSITIVE:1 holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge . 
POSITIVE:1 an enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment . 
NEGATIVE:0 inconsequential road-and-buddy pic . 
POSITIVE:1 witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy . 
POSITIVE:1 morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema . 
NEGATIVE:0 ah-nuld's action hero days might be over . 
POSITIVE:1 the first half bursts with a goofy energy previous disney films only used for a few minutes here and there . 
NEGATIVE:0 the plot plummets into a comedy graveyard before janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel . 
POSITIVE:1 eight legged freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer . 
NEGATIVE:0 first good , then bothersome . excellent acting and direction . 
POSITIVE:1 piercingly affecting . . . while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying . 
POSITIVE:1 [sports] admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency . 
POSITIVE:1 a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho's fans . 
POSITIVE:1 'easily my choice for one of the year's best films . '
POSITIVE:1 frida isn't that much different from many a hollywood romance . what sets it apart is the vision that taymor , the avant garde director of broadway's the lion king and the film titus , brings . 
NEGATIVE:0 you cannot guess why the cast and crew didn't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed . 
POSITIVE:1 oddly , the film isn't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny . 
POSITIVE:1 an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a charming and often affecting journey . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . pray doesn't have a passion for the material . he nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race . 
NEGATIVE:0 like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : like the exalted michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal . 
NEGATIVE:0 it tries too hard , and overreaches the logic of its own world . 
POSITIVE:1 more vaudeville show than well-constructed narrative , but on those terms it's inoffensive and actually rather sweet . 
NEGATIVE:0 the problem with this film is that it lacks focus . i sympathize with the plight of these families , but the movie doesn't do a very good job conveying the issue at hand . 
NEGATIVE:0 fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent . 
POSITIVE:1 turns potentially forgettable formula into something strangely diverting . 
POSITIVE:1 makmalbaf follows a resolutely realistic path in this uncompromising insight into the harsh existence of the kurdish refugees of iran's borderlands . 
POSITIVE:1 claude chabrol's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements . 
NEGATIVE:0 although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success . 
NEGATIVE:0 these characters become wearisome . 
POSITIVE:1 one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre . 
POSITIVE:1 while the now 72-year-old robert evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own . 
POSITIVE:1 [westbrook] makes a wonderful subject for the camera . 
NEGATIVE:0 chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book . 
NEGATIVE:0 while this one gets off with a good natured warning , future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
POSITIVE:1 it's one of the most honest films ever made about hollywood . 
NEGATIVE:0 hey everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children's party clown gets violently gang-raped ? i didn't think so . 
POSITIVE:1 throwing it all away for the fleeting joys of love's brief moment . 
POSITIVE:1 the gorgeously elaborate continuation of " the lord of the rings " trilogy is so huge that a column of words cannot adequately describe co-writer/director peter jackson's expanded vision of j . r . r . tolkien's middle-earth . 
NEGATIVE:0 predecessors the mummy and the mummy returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king . 
NEGATIVE:0 verbinski substitutes atmosphere for action , tedium for thrills . 
POSITIVE:1 visually striking and viscerally repellent . 
POSITIVE:1 transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games . 
NEGATIVE:0 the heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in [this] meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 let's cut to the consumer-advice bottom line : stay home . 
NEGATIVE:0 unless you are in dire need of a diesel fix , there is no real reason to see it . wait for video -- and then don't rent it . 
NEGATIVE:0 the pace and the visuals are so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything . 
NEGATIVE:0 the impulses that produced this project . . . are commendable , but the results are uneven . 
NEGATIVE:0 i have to admit that i am baffled by jason x . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . gripping and handsome execution , ( but ) there isn't much about k-19 that's unique or memorable . 
NEGATIVE:0 wallace directs with such patronising reverence , it turns the stomach . 
NEGATIVE:0 in the end , ted bundy's only justification is the director's common but unexplored fascination with the frustrated maniac ; there's no larger point , and little social context . 
POSITIVE:1 craig bartlett and director tuck tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters . 
POSITIVE:1 this new time machine is hardly perfect… yet it proves surprisingly serviceable . even at its worst , it's not half-bad . 
POSITIVE:1 this is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch . 
NEGATIVE:0 analyze that regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film's successes , with a few new swings thrown in . 
NEGATIVE:0 if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one . 
POSITIVE:1 polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style . 
POSITIVE:1 writer/director alexander payne ( election ) and his co-writer jim taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing . 
NEGATIVE:0 the chocolate factory without charlie . 
NEGATIVE:0 witless and utterly pointless . 
NEGATIVE:0 every time you look , sweet home alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn . 
POSITIVE:1 solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining . 
NEGATIVE:0 what is captured during the conceptual process doesn't add up to a sufficient explanation of what the final dance work , the selection , became in its final form . 
POSITIVE:1 will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year . 
POSITIVE:1 proves that some movie formulas don't need messing with -- like the big-bug movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window . 
NEGATIVE:0 it all seemed wasted like deniro's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk . 
POSITIVE:1 boisterous , heartfelt comedy . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as jules verne's '20 , 000 leagues under the sea' and the george pal version of h . g . wells' 'the time machine . ' but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless . 
NEGATIVE:0 really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length . 
NEGATIVE:0 not one moment in the enterprise didn't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow . 
POSITIVE:1 this illuminating documentary transcends our preconceived vision of the holy land and its inhabitants , revealing the human complexities beneath . 
NEGATIVE:0 when a film is created solely because it's a marketable product , soulless and ugly movies like this are the result . let your silly childhood nostalgia slumber unmolested . 
POSITIVE:1 this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards . 
NEGATIVE:0 the techno tux is good for a few laughs , as are chan and hewitt , but when such a good design turns out to be a cheap knockoff , we can't recommend anything but a rental for the tuxedo . 
NEGATIVE:0 before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , steven shainberg's adaptation of mary gaitskill's harrowing short story . . . is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience . 
POSITIVE:1 not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort . 
POSITIVE:1 a fascinating and fun film . 
NEGATIVE:0 a beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep 'epic . '
POSITIVE:1 it's great escapist fun that recreates a place and time that will never happen again . 
POSITIVE:1 it's hard to imagine anybody ever being " in the mood " to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but it's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it's started . 
POSITIVE:1 this is the best american movie about troubled teens since 1998's whatever . 
POSITIVE:1 a tone of rueful compassion . . . reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events . 
NEGATIVE:0 a broadly played , lowbrow comedy in which the cast delivers mildly amusing performances and no farm animals were injured by any of the gags . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie is . . . very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes . 
NEGATIVE:0 el crimen del padre amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors . 
POSITIVE:1 the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough . 
POSITIVE:1 it's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once . 
NEGATIVE:0 if myers decides to make another austin powers movie , maybe he should just stick with austin and dr evil . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie fails to live up to the sum of its parts . 
POSITIVE:1 will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it . 
POSITIVE:1 an absurdist spider web . 
NEGATIVE:0 everything in maid in manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend . it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste . 
NEGATIVE:0 for each chuckle there are at least 10 complete misses , many coming from the amazingly lifelike tara reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout . 
NEGATIVE:0 a glossy knock-off of a b-movie revenge flick . 
POSITIVE:1 tends to pile too many " serious issues " on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie barely makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks . 
NEGATIVE:0 oft-described as the antidote to american pie-type sex comedies , it actually has a bundle in common with them , as the film diffuses every opportunity for a breakthrough
NEGATIVE:0 slow , dry , poorly cast , but beautifully shot . 
NEGATIVE:0 the filmmaker ascends , literally , to the olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster . 
POSITIVE:1 george clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne . 
POSITIVE:1 this romantic thriller is steeped in the atmosphere of wartime england , and ably captures the speech patterns , moral codes and ideals of the 1940s . 
POSITIVE:1 the increasingly diverse french director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history . 
NEGATIVE:0 feels as if the inmates have actually taken over the asylum . 
POSITIVE:1 with tightly organized efficiency , numerous flashbacks and a constant edge of tension , miller's film is one of 2002's involvingly adult surprises . 
NEGATIVE:0 a rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade . 
NEGATIVE:0 simply a re-hash of the other seven films . 
POSITIVE:1 a giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say . 
NEGATIVE:0 the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada . 
NEGATIVE:0 the overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of " 7th heaven . " 
POSITIVE:1 a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera . 
NEGATIVE:0 the parts are better than the whole ( bizarre , funny , tragic - like love in new york ) . 
NEGATIVE:0 afraid to pitch into farce , yet only half-hearted in its spy mechanics , all the queen's men is finally just one long drag . 
POSITIVE:1 a breezy romantic comedy that has the punch of a good sitcom , while offering exceptionally well-detailed characters . 
NEGATIVE:0 as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film's creepy , clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . a weak , manipulative , pencil-thin story that is miraculously able to entertain anyway . 
POSITIVE:1 a funny , triumphant , and moving documentary . 
POSITIVE:1 this is art paying homage to art . 
POSITIVE:1 a carefully structured scream of consciousness that is tortured and unsettling--but unquestionably alive . 
POSITIVE:1 real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros . 
POSITIVE:1 the best way to describe it is as a cross between paul thomas anderson's magnolia and david lynch's mulholland dr . 
NEGATIVE:0 so genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen . it never is , not fully . 
POSITIVE:1 you'll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and , perhaps , give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it . 
POSITIVE:1 it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2 , 500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere . 
POSITIVE:1 although occasionally static to the point of resembling a stage play , the film delivers a solid mixture of sweetness and laughs . 
NEGATIVE:0 the country bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers . unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either . 
NEGATIVE:0 a sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply . 
NEGATIVE:0 press the delete key . 
POSITIVE:1 probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis . 
NEGATIVE:0 i realized that no matter how fantastic reign of fire looked , its story was making no sense at all . 
POSITIVE:1 spielberg is the rare director who does not want to invite viewers to gawk at or applaud his special effects . he just wants them to be part of the action , the wallpaper of his chosen reality . here , thankfully , they are . 
NEGATIVE:0 where the film falters is in its tone . 
POSITIVE:1 light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time . 
NEGATIVE:0 glib , satirical documentary that fudges facts , makes facile points and engages in the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism . 
NEGATIVE:0 succumbs to the same kind of maudlin , sentimental mysticism that mars the touched by an angel school of non-god spiritual-uplift movies . 
POSITIVE:1 i whole-heartedly recommend that everyone see this movie-- for its historical significance alone . 
POSITIVE:1 you'll get the enjoyable basic minimum . but not a whit more . 
NEGATIVE:0 feels shrill , simple and soapy . 
POSITIVE:1 originality ain't on the menu , but there's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller . 
POSITIVE:1 all in all , it's a pretty good execution of a story that's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's not a bad premise , just a bad movie . 
POSITIVE:1 has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of america's indigenous people , but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get . 
NEGATIVE:0 unlike trey parker , sandler doesn't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself . 
POSITIVE:1 it's an old story , but a lively script , sharp acting and partially animated interludes make just a kiss seem minty fresh . 
POSITIVE:1 jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers . 
NEGATIVE:0 delivers the same old same old , tarted up with latin flava and turned out by hollywood playas . 
NEGATIVE:0 if you're really renting this you're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices , you're interested in anne geddes , john grisham , and thomas kincaid . 
NEGATIVE:0 slackers' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's just a little too self-satisfied . 
POSITIVE:1 what makes the movie a comedy is the way it avoids the more serious emotions involved . 
NEGATIVE:0 feeble comedy . 
POSITIVE:1 a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002's first great film
POSITIVE:1 a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's not enough to sustain the comedy . 
NEGATIVE:0 a somewhat disappointing and meandering saga . 
NEGATIVE:0 strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short . 
POSITIVE:1 a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers . 
NEGATIVE:0 a " home alone " film that is staged like " rosemary's baby , " but is not as well-conceived as either of those films . 
POSITIVE:1 aniston has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil . 
POSITIVE:1 i know i shouldn't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old . 
POSITIVE:1 takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze . 
NEGATIVE:0 don't hate el crimen del padre amaro because it's anti-catholic . hate it because it's lousy . 
POSITIVE:1 [majidi] makes us think twice about immigrants we see around us every day . 
POSITIVE:1 showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation . 
POSITIVE:1 spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but " spider-man " certainly delivers the goods . 
POSITIVE:1 a comic gem with some serious sparkles . 
POSITIVE:1 richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings . 
NEGATIVE:0 you can practically smell the patchouli oil . 
POSITIVE:1 this is a happy throwback to the time when cartoons were cinema's most idiosyncratic form instead of one of its most predictable . 
POSITIVE:1 daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds . it doesn't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain . 
NEGATIVE:0 the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter . 
POSITIVE:1 lasker's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther . . . realize they can't get no satisfaction without the latter . 
POSITIVE:1 an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance . 
NEGATIVE:0 it has all the excitement of eating oatmeal . 
NEGATIVE:0 an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc . 
NEGATIVE:0 the overall feel of the film is pretty cheesy , but there's still a real sense that the star trek tradition has been honored as best it can , given the embarrassing script and weak direction . 
POSITIVE:1 this is such a dazzlingly self-assured directorial debut that it's hard to know what to praise first . 
NEGATIVE:0 how do you spell cliché ? 
NEGATIVE:0 it's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby . 
NEGATIVE:0 leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion . 
NEGATIVE:0 for all its technical virtuosity , the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it's enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking . 
NEGATIVE:0 the people in abc africa are treated as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras . 
POSITIVE:1 the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself . 
NEGATIVE:0 if kaufman kept cameron diaz a prisoner in a cage with her ape , in his latest , he'd have them mate . 
POSITIVE:1 between the drama of cube ? s personal revelations regarding what the shop means in the big picture , iconic characters gambol fluidly through the story , with charming results . 
NEGATIVE:0 as it stands , crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster's path of destruction . 
NEGATIVE:0 the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture can't quite conceal that there's nothing resembling a spine here . 
POSITIVE:1 immersing us in the endlessly inventive , fiercely competitive world of hip-hop djs , the project is sensational and revelatory , even if scratching makes you itch . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie bounces all over the map . 
NEGATIVE:0 flaccid drama and exasperatingly slow journey . 
POSITIVE:1 'si bien no logra desarrollarse como un gran drama , tampoco es tan superficial como muchas cintas que pecan de pretenciosas y que resultan totalmente banales . '
NEGATIVE:0 the hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone . 
POSITIVE:1 maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards . 
POSITIVE:1 all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon . 
NEGATIVE:0 befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
NEGATIVE:0 an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy . 
POSITIVE:1 best of all is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man . 
NEGATIVE:0 what could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination . 
POSITIVE:1 far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it's a work of enthralling drama . 
POSITIVE:1 baran is shockingly devoid of your typical majid majidi shoe-loving , crippled children . 
NEGATIVE:0 in the new guy , even the bull gets recycled . 
NEGATIVE:0 little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point . . . is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable . 
POSITIVE:1 the trinity assembly approaches the endeavor with a shocking lack of irony , and george ratliff's documentary , hell house , reflects their earnestness — which makes for a terrifying film . 
POSITIVE:1  " extreme ops " exceeds expectations . good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography . 
POSITIVE:1 if you're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you're in luck . 
POSITIVE:1 kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story . parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film didn't convince me that calvin jr . 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago's south side . 
POSITIVE:1 if you love reading and/or poetry , then by all means check it out . you'll probably love it . 
POSITIVE:1 the film's sharp , often mischievous sense of humor will catch some off guard . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie's downfall is to substitute plot for personality . it doesn't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events . 
NEGATIVE:0 violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit . 
NEGATIVE:0 something akin to a japanese alice through the looking glass , except that it seems to take itself far more seriously . 
NEGATIVE:0 empire can't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film . it doesn't work as either . 
NEGATIVE:0 with a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of los angeles , where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , the dogwalker has a few characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path . 
POSITIVE:1 a densely constructed , highly referential film , and an audacious return to form that can comfortably sit among jean-luc godard's finest work . 
POSITIVE:1 a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really isn't . 
POSITIVE:1 what's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director's talent . watching a brian depalma movie is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers . 
POSITIVE:1 a thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy . 
POSITIVE:1 at its best , the good girl is a refreshingly adult take on adultery . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there's nothing else happening . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie worked for me right up to the final scene , and then it caved in . 
POSITIVE:1 the filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . an enjoyably frothy 'date movie' . . . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you don't try to look too deep into the story
NEGATIVE:0 i got a headache watching this meaningless downer . 
NEGATIVE:0 allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie addresses a hungry need for pg-rated , nonthreatening family movies , but it doesn't go too much further . 
POSITIVE:1 munch's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters . he watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities . his scenes are short and often unexpected . 
POSITIVE:1 a whole lot foul , freaky and funny . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a bit disappointing that it only manages to be decent instead of dead brilliant . 
POSITIVE:1 this concoction , so bizarre to the adult mind , is actually a charming triumph where its intended under-12 audience is concerned . 
POSITIVE:1 grainy photography mars an otherwise delightful comedy of errors . 
POSITIVE:1 in its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works . 
POSITIVE:1 beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling . . . recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly . 
POSITIVE:1 it moves quickly , adroitly , and without fuss ; it doesn't give you time to reflect on the inanity -- and the cold war datedness -- of its premise . 
POSITIVE:1 you've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it's worth yet another visit . 
POSITIVE:1 this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope . 
NEGATIVE:0 a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties . 
NEGATIVE:0 the filmmakers lack the nerve . . . to fully exploit the script's potential for sick humor . 
NEGATIVE:0 it will come as no surprise that the movie isn't scary . but here's the real damn : it isn't funny , either . 
NEGATIVE:0 rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment . 
POSITIVE:1  " the quiet american " begins in saigon in 1952 . that's its first sign of trouble . 
NEGATIVE:0 never does " lilo & stitch " reach the emotion or timelessness of disney's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as " mulan " or " tarzan . " 
POSITIVE:1 a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one's mother . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue . 
NEGATIVE:0 despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings . 
NEGATIVE:0 an exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and just as hard a flick as its subject matter . 
NEGATIVE:0 a tired , unnecessary retread . . . a stale copy of a picture that wasn't all that great to begin with . 
POSITIVE:1 the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities . 
POSITIVE:1 while not quite a comedy , the film tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and is never less than engaging . 
NEGATIVE:0 all prints of this film should be sent to and buried on pluto . 
NEGATIVE:0 makes for a pretty unpleasant viewing experience . 
POSITIVE:1 the ring is worth a look , if you don't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your halloween entertainment . 
NEGATIVE:0 characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle . 
POSITIVE:1 a cop story that understands the medium amazingly well . 
NEGATIVE:0 i'm just too bored to care . 
POSITIVE:1 executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond . 
NEGATIVE:0 a beautifully made piece of unwatchable drivel . 
POSITIVE:1 writer-director's mehta's effort has tons of charm and the whimsy is in the mixture , the intoxicating masala , of cultures and film genres . 
POSITIVE:1 unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile . 
NEGATIVE:0 all in all , road to perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence . 
NEGATIVE:0 attal's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it's a wonder that he couldn't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident . 
NEGATIVE:0 coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else . 
NEGATIVE:0 a very depressing movie of many missed opportunities . 
NEGATIVE:0 full of witless jokes , dealing in broad stereotypes and outrageously unbelievable scenarios , and saddled with a general air of misogyny
POSITIVE:1 arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . irritating soul-searching garbage . 
POSITIVE:1 the inhospitability of the land emphasizes the spare precision of the narratives and helps to give them an atavistic power , as if they were tales that had been handed down since the beginning of time . 
POSITIVE:1 kudos to the most enchanting film of the year . 
POSITIVE:1 rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle
NEGATIVE:0 deliberately and devotedly constructed , far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate . 
NEGATIVE:0 jacquot's rendering of puccini's tale of devotion and double-cross is more than just a filmed opera . in his first stab at the form , jacquot takes a slightly anarchic approach that works only sporadically . 
NEGATIVE:0 shame on writer/director vicente aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull . 
NEGATIVE:0 a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1/2 . 
POSITIVE:1 it's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas . 
NEGATIVE:0 one of the more irritating cartoons you will see this , or any , year . 
NEGATIVE:0 the superior plotline isn't quite enough to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other . 
POSITIVE:1 drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if they're ghosts imagining themselves as alive . it's a sly wink to the others without becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its " men in a sardine can " warped logic . 
POSITIVE:1 grant gets to display his cadness to perfection , but also to show acting range that may surprise some who thought light-hearted comedy was his forte . 
NEGATIVE:0 wobbly senegalese updating of " carmen " which is best for the stunning star turn by djeinaba diop gai
POSITIVE:1  . . . a story , an old and scary one , about the monsters we make , and the vengeance they take . 
POSITIVE:1 there are as many misses as hits , but ultimately , it finds humor in the foibles of human behavior , and it's a welcome return to the roots of a genre that should depend on surprises . 
NEGATIVE:0 flotsam in the sea of moviemaking , not big enough for us to worry about it causing significant harm and not smelly enough to bother despising . 
NEGATIVE:0 this movie is maddening . it conveys a simple message in a visual style that is willfully overwrought . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) . 
NEGATIVE:0 adam sandler is to gary cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse . 
POSITIVE:1 if you ignore the cliches and concentrate on city by the sea's interpersonal drama , it ain't half-bad . 
NEGATIVE:0 hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old's suicidal poetry . 
NEGATIVE:0 i couldn't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy . 
NEGATIVE:0 what can one say about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log ? 
POSITIVE:1 the film's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it's propelled by the acting . 
POSITIVE:1 sturdy , entertaining period drama . . . both caine and fraser have their moments . 
NEGATIVE:0 silly , loud and goofy . 
POSITIVE:1 really quite funny . 
POSITIVE:1 much of the lady and the duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes . 
NEGATIVE:0 kenneth branagh's energetic sweet-and-sour performance as a curmudgeonly british playwright grounds this overstuffed , erratic dramedy in which he and his improbably forbearing wife contend with craziness and child-rearing in los angeles . 
NEGATIVE:0 has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool . 
POSITIVE:1 swimming is above all about a young woman's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman's doubts and yearnings , it succeeds . 
NEGATIVE:0 pumpkin sits in a patch somewhere between mirthless todd solondzian satire and callow student film . 
POSITIVE:1 not only are the special effects and narrative flow much improved , and daniel radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around as harry , but the film conjures the magic of author j . k . rowling's books . 
NEGATIVE:0 as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot 'surprises' are really surprising . 
POSITIVE:1 rubbo's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . very funny , very enjoyable . . . 
NEGATIVE:0  " bad " is the operative word for " bad company , " and i don't mean that in a good way . 
POSITIVE:1 even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm . 
POSITIVE:1 i don't think i've been as entranced and appalled by an asian film since shinya tsukamoto's iron man . 
NEGATIVE:0 the adventure doesn't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 . 
NEGATIVE:0 not an objectionable or dull film ; it merely lacks everything except good intentions . 
POSITIVE:1 with notorious c . h . o . cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy . 
POSITIVE:1 top-notch action powers this romantic drama . 
NEGATIVE:0 a film that loses sight of its own story . 
NEGATIVE:0 prurient playthings aside , there's little to love about this english trifle . 
NEGATIVE:0 i can easily imagine benigni's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial . coal isn't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children's stockings . 
NEGATIVE:0 paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 . 
POSITIVE:1 one of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers . 
NEGATIVE:0 without a strong script and energetic acting , dogma films can produce the same sleep-inducing effects as watching your neighbor's home videos . 
NEGATIVE:0 a passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of passes through the word processor . 
POSITIVE:1 a chick flick for guys . 
POSITIVE:1 scores a few points for doing what it does with a dedicated and good-hearted professionalism . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull . 
NEGATIVE:0 both stars manage to be funny , but , like the recent i spy , the star chemistry begs the question of whether random gags add up to a movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 sitting through the last reel ( spoiler alert ! ) is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house . 
NEGATIVE:0 doesn't really add up to much . 
NEGATIVE:0 the picture , scored by a perversely cheerful marcus miller accordion/harmonica/banjo abomination , is a monument to bad in all its florid variety . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . [a] strained comedy that jettisons all opportunities for rock to make his mark by serving up the usual chaotic nonsense . 
POSITIVE:1 taken outside the context of the current political climate ( see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! ) , the sum of all fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller . 
NEGATIVE:0 rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along . 
NEGATIVE:0 director clare kilner's debut is never as daft as it should have been . 
NEGATIVE:0 watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there tolstoy groupies out there ? it's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
NEGATIVE:0 not only unfunny , but downright repellent . 
NEGATIVE:0 stealing harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . is there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning ? you bet there is and it's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking . 
POSITIVE:1 two hours of melodramatic musical married to two hours of underdog sports intrigue , if the picture also shares the weaknesses of both genres , more's the pity . 
POSITIVE:1 khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum . 
NEGATIVE:0 watching austin powers in goldmember is like binging on cotton candy . it's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied . 
POSITIVE:1 like the full monty , this is sure to raise audience's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll . 
NEGATIVE:0 kidman is really the only thing that's worth watching in birthday girl , a film by the stage-trained jez butterworth ( mojo ) that serves as yet another example of the sad decline of british comedies in the post-full monty world . 
POSITIVE:1 none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting isn't , either , and you wouldn't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ? 
NEGATIVE:0 a minor-league soccer remake of the longest yard . 
POSITIVE:1 puts to rest any thought that the german film industry cannot make a delightful comedy centering on food . 
NEGATIVE:0 [davis] wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters . 
POSITIVE:1 a worthwhile way to spend two hours . 
NEGATIVE:0 creepy but ultimately unsatisfying thriller . 
NEGATIVE:0 in all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant . 
POSITIVE:1 what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map . 
NEGATIVE:0 staggeringly dreadful romance . 
NEGATIVE:0 i'm guessing the director is a magician . after all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long . 
NEGATIVE:0 a great idea becomes a not-great movie . 
POSITIVE:1 as a director , mr . ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects . 
POSITIVE:1 the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they've told a nice little story in the process . 
NEGATIVE:0 while it's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own . 
NEGATIVE:0 no , it's not nearly as good as any of its influences . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's an awfully derivative story . 
POSITIVE:1 it is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . one of the more influential works of the 'korean new wave' . 
POSITIVE:1 an unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture . 
NEGATIVE:0 an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer's previous collaboration , miss congeniality . 
POSITIVE:1 if you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though . . . you will likely enjoy this monster . 
POSITIVE:1 a generation x artifact , capturing a brief era of insanity in the sports arena that surely cannot last . 
NEGATIVE:0 as [the characters] get more depressed , the story gets more tiresome , especially as it continues to mount a conspicuous effort to be profound . 
NEGATIVE:0 just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that's neither original nor terribly funny . 
POSITIVE:1 a remarkably alluring film set in the constrictive eisenhower era about one suburban woman's yearning in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life . 
POSITIVE:1 if " lilo & stitch " isn't the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since " dumbo " certainly ranks as the most original in years . 
NEGATIVE:0 though moonlight mile is replete with acclaimed actors and actresses and tackles a subject that's potentially moving , the movie is too predictable and too self-conscious to reach a level of high drama . 
NEGATIVE:0 suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness . 
NEGATIVE:0 denis o'neill's script avoids the prime sports cliche , a last-second goal to win the championship , but it neglects few others . 
POSITIVE:1 [broomfield] uncovers a story powerful enough to leave the screen sizzling with intrigue . 
POSITIVE:1 antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it . 
POSITIVE:1 winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars . 
NEGATIVE:0 just one bad idea after another . 
NEGATIVE:0 detox is ultimately a pointless endeavor . 
POSITIVE:1 each punch seen through prison bars , the fights become not so much a struggle of man vs . man as brother-man vs . the man . 
POSITIVE:1 though it is by no means his best work , laissez-passer is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them . 
NEGATIVE:0 can't kick about the assembled talent and the russos show genuine promise as comic filmmakers . still , this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral . 
NEGATIVE:0 nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release . 
NEGATIVE:0 nothing but an episode of smackdown ! in period costume and with a bigger budget . 
NEGATIVE:0 weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting . 
POSITIVE:1 an irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale . 
POSITIVE:1 irwin is so earnest that it's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs . there are far worse messages to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy . 
POSITIVE:1 windtalkers blows this way and that , but there's no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but . . . it's at least watchable . 
POSITIVE:1 lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . it is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it . 
NEGATIVE:0 director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place . 
POSITIVE:1 very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience . 
POSITIVE:1 a smart little indie . 
POSITIVE:1 niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press
NEGATIVE:0 this is no " waterboy ! " 
POSITIVE:1 the film is beautifully mounted , but , more to the point , the issues are subtly presented , managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of joan's madness . 
POSITIVE:1 sits uneasily as a horror picture . . . but finds surprising depth in its look at the binds of a small family . 
POSITIVE:1 the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor's doorstep . but the actors make this worth a peek . 
NEGATIVE:0 a long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral . 
POSITIVE:1 yes , mibii is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it . 
NEGATIVE:0 not a movie but a live-action agitprop cartoon so shameless and coarse , it's almost funny . 
NEGATIVE:0 is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ? 
NEGATIVE:0 a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling . 
NEGATIVE:0 when the first few villians are introduced as " spider " and " snake " you know you're in for a real winner , creativity at its peak . 
POSITIVE:1 the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by harris , phifer and cam'ron seal the deal . 
POSITIVE:1 it's amazingly perceptive in its subtle , supportive but unsentimental look at the marks family . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's sweet . . . but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end . 
POSITIVE:1 humorous and heartfelt , douglas mcgrath's version of 'nicholas nickleby' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful . not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days . 
NEGATIVE:0 k-19 may not hold a lot of water as a submarine epic , but it holds even less when it turns into an elegiacally soggy saving private ryanovich . 
POSITIVE:1 crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop romance , music , suspense and action . 
POSITIVE:1 béart and berling are both superb , while huppert . . . is magnificent . 
NEGATIVE:0 a crass and insulting homage to great films like some like it hot and the john wayne classics . 
POSITIVE:1 time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness . 
POSITIVE:1 there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care . 
POSITIVE:1 falls neatly into the category of good stupid fun . 
NEGATIVE:0 imagine if you will a tony hawk skating video interspliced with footage from behind enemy lines and set to jersey shore techno . 
POSITIVE:1 disappointingly , the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , tom included , to ever get under the skin , but this is compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself . 
POSITIVE:1 kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . a story we haven't seen on the big screen before , and it's a story that we as americans , and human beings , should know . 
POSITIVE:1 a new film from bill plympton , the animation master , is always welcome . 
NEGATIVE:0 with danilo donati's witty designs and dante spinotti's luscious cinematography , this might have made a decent children's movie -- if only benigni hadn't insisted on casting himself in the title role . 
POSITIVE:1 deflated ending aside , there's much to recommend the film . 
POSITIVE:1 from the big giant titles of the opening credits to elmer bernstein's perfectly melodic score , haynes gets just about everything right . 
NEGATIVE:0 you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood isn't going to jell . 
NEGATIVE:0 nohe has made a decent 'intro' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant . 
NEGATIVE:0 a little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt . 
NEGATIVE:0 showtime isn't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again . 
NEGATIVE:0 the director's twitchy sketchbook style and adroit perspective shifts grow wearisome amid leaden pacing and indifferent craftsmanship ( most notably wretched sound design ) . 
POSITIVE:1 provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust . 
NEGATIVE:0 a film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations . 
NEGATIVE:0 just because it really happened to you , honey , doesn't mean that it's interesting to anyone else . 
POSITIVE:1 tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star . 
NEGATIVE:0  " feardotcom " has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel , but it simply becomes a routine shocker . 
POSITIVE:1 despite besson's high-profile name being wasabi's big selling point , there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film's thoroughly winning tone . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . blade ii is more enjoyable than the original . 
POSITIVE:1 spare but quietly effective retelling . 
POSITIVE:1 britney has been delivered to the big screen safe and sound , the way we like our 20-year-old superstar girls to travel on the fame freeway . 
NEGATIVE:0 in the end , we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love , chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest . 
POSITIVE:1 the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker help overcome the problematic script . 
POSITIVE:1 lejos del paraíso es al mismo tiempo una fiesta para los ojos y oídos y un movilizador cuadro de personajes enfrentados a sus propios deseos , miedos y prejuicios . 
POSITIVE:1 if mostly martha is mostly unsurprising , it's still a sweet , even delectable diversion . 
POSITIVE:1 there's . . . tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate . 
POSITIVE:1 brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day . 
POSITIVE:1 those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up . 
NEGATIVE:0 despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless . 
NEGATIVE:0 overall the film feels like a low-budget tv pilot that could not find a buyer to play it on the tube . 
NEGATIVE:0 the enormous comic potential of an oafish idiot impersonating an aristocrat remains sadly unrealized . 
NEGATIVE:0 frankly , it's kind of insulting , both to men and women . and it's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting . 
NEGATIVE:0 parker probably thinks he's shaking up a classic the way kenneth branagh and baz luhrmann have , but this half-hearted messing-about just makes us miss wilde's still-contemporary play . 
POSITIVE:1 a bold and subversive film that cuts across the grain of what is popular and powerful in this high-tech age , speaking its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of philip glass . 
POSITIVE:1 this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre . 
POSITIVE:1 the results , if not memorable , are at least interesting . 
POSITIVE:1 a thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses grant's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos . 
NEGATIVE:0 too many improbabilities and rose-colored situations temper what could've been an impacting film . 
NEGATIVE:0 extreme oops - oops , ops , no matter how you spell it , it's still a mistake to go see it . 
POSITIVE:1 the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill . 
NEGATIVE:0 instead of letting the laughs come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick . 
NEGATIVE:0 with a " spy kids " sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a " snl " has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ? 
POSITIVE:1 the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for gai's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her . 
POSITIVE:1 the script is smart , not cloying . 
NEGATIVE:0 the picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain . 
POSITIVE:1 cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in . 
POSITIVE:1 polished , well-structured film . 
NEGATIVE:0 the cameo-packed , m : i-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise . . . then mike myers shows up and ruins everything . 
POSITIVE:1 every dance becomes about seduction , where backstabbing and betrayals are celebrated , and sex is currency . 
POSITIVE:1 it's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered . 
POSITIVE:1 the volatile dynamics of female friendship is the subject of this unhurried , low-key film that is so off-hollywood that it seems positively french in its rhythms and resonance . 
NEGATIVE:0 several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in " unfaithful . " why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me . 
POSITIVE:1 like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film . 
NEGATIVE:0 on the right track to something that's creepy and effective . . . it's just going to take more than a man in a bullwinkle costume to get there . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it's also pretty funny . 
POSITIVE:1 a refreshingly honest and ultimately touching tale of the sort of people usually ignored in contemporary american film . search it out . 
NEGATIVE:0 if this is the resurrection of the halloween franchise , it would have been better off dead . 
POSITIVE:1 it's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just can't take it any more . 
NEGATIVE:0 even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency . 
POSITIVE:1 the film is a very good viewing alternative for young women . 
POSITIVE:1 the film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant . 
NEGATIVE:0 nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks . 
NEGATIVE:0 feels too formulaic and too familiar to produce the transgressive thrills of early underground work . 
POSITIVE:1 a somewhat crudely constructed but gripping , questing look at a person so racked with self-loathing , he becomes an enemy to his own race . 
POSITIVE:1 director nancy savoca's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could . 
NEGATIVE:0 such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you can't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production . 
NEGATIVE:0 aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash . stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman that is revelatory . 
POSITIVE:1 beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . just a big mess of a movie , full of images and events , but no tension or surprise . 
NEGATIVE:0 so relentlessly wholesome it made me want to swipe something . 
NEGATIVE:0 it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one . 
POSITIVE:1 what it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart . 
NEGATIVE:0 when [reno] lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w . bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . , reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture . 
POSITIVE:1 reminiscent of alfred hitchcock's thrillers , most of the scary parts in 'signs' occur while waiting for things to happen . 
NEGATIVE:0 much of what is meant to be 'inspirational' and 'uplifting' is simply distasteful to audiences not already sharing [the movie's] mindset . 
NEGATIVE:0 needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion 'grandeur' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism . 
NEGATIVE:0 stars matthew perry and elizabeth hurley illicit more than a chuckle , and more jokes land than crash , but ultimately serving sara doesn't distinguish itself from the herd . 
POSITIVE:1 a lean , deftly shot , well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s european-set spy pictures . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie strains to stay on the light , comic side of the issue , despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself . 
POSITIVE:1 the inspirational screenplay by mike rich covers a lot of ground , perhaps too much , but ties things together , neatly , by the end . 
POSITIVE:1 after watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history . 
POSITIVE:1 red dragon " never cuts corners . 
NEGATIVE:0 looks like a high school film project completed the day before it was due . 
NEGATIVE:0 a big , loud , bang-the-drum bore . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . blade ii is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves . 
POSITIVE:1 at once emotional and richly analytical , the cosby-seinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary . 
NEGATIVE:0 unlike his directorial efforts , la femme nikita and the professional , the transporter lacks besson's perspective as a storyteller . 
POSITIVE:1 the actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script's bad ideas and awkwardness . 
NEGATIVE:0 formula 51 has dulled your senses faster and deeper than any recreational drug on the market . 
POSITIVE:1 for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well . 
POSITIVE:1 corny , schmaltzy and predictable , but still manages to be kind of heartwarming , nonetheless . it's the perfect kind of film to see when you don't want to use your brain . at all . 
NEGATIVE:0 first-time writer-director dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people . 
NEGATIVE:0 this idea has lost its originality . . . and neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie plays up the cartoon's more obvious strength of snazziness while neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength . 
NEGATIVE:0 one gets the impression the creators of don't ask don't tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes . too bad none of it is funny . 
POSITIVE:1 frida's artistic brilliance is undeniable -- it's among the most breathtakingly designed films i've ever seen . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . a joke at once flaky and resonant , lightweight and bizarrely original . 
NEGATIVE:0 maybe it's asking too much , but if a movie is truly going to inspire me , i want a little more than this . 
POSITIVE:1 audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling . 
POSITIVE:1 a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point . 
NEGATIVE:0 unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making . 
POSITIVE:1 a masterful film from a master filmmaker , unique in its deceptive grimness , compelling in its fatalist worldview . 
NEGATIVE:0 the episodic film makes valid points about the depersonalization of modern life . but the characters tend to be cliches whose lives are never fully explored . 
POSITIVE:1 will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues . 
POSITIVE:1 strange it is , but delightfully so . 
POSITIVE:1 a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man . 
NEGATIVE:0 reggio falls victim to relying on the very digital technology that he fervently scorns , creating a meandering , inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film . 
NEGATIVE:0 blessed with immense physical prowess he may well be , but ahola is simply not an actor . and in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes arnold schwarzenegger look like spencer tracy . 
NEGATIVE:0 like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest . it can't escape its past , and it doesn't want to . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . always remains movingly genuine . 
NEGATIVE:0 in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title . . . amounts to surprisingly little . 
POSITIVE:1 a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles . 
POSITIVE:1 this is christmas future for a lot of baby boomers . 
POSITIVE:1 a dazzling dream of a documentary . 
POSITIVE:1 savvy director robert j . siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense . 
NEGATIVE:0 no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander's uninspired story . 
POSITIVE:1 a fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles . 
POSITIVE:1 never [sinks] into exploitation . 
POSITIVE:1 a fine , rousing , g-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats . 
NEGATIVE:0 made me feel uneasy , even queasy , because [solondz's] cool compassion is on the border of bemused contempt . 
NEGATIVE:0 one senses in world traveler and in his earlier film that freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact . 
POSITIVE:1 birthday girl doesn't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency . 
POSITIVE:1 aside from being the funniest movie of the year , simone , andrew niccol's brilliant anti-hollywood satire , has a wickedly eccentric enchantment to it . 
NEGATIVE:0 the gantzes' interviews tend to let the guys off the hook . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks . 
POSITIVE:1 scooby doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation . 
POSITIVE:1 in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight . 
POSITIVE:1 impossible as it may sound , this film's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition . 
POSITIVE:1 a drama of great power , yet some members of the audience will leave the theater believing they have seen a comedy . 
POSITIVE:1 many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i don't think that a . c . will help this movie one bit . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story . 
POSITIVE:1 there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that's hard to resist . 
NEGATIVE:0 trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it's hard to like a film so cold and dead . 
NEGATIVE:0 rashomon-for-dipsticks tale . 
NEGATIVE:0 brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , deuces wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism . 
NEGATIVE:0 even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids . . . getting . . . very . . . heavy . . . 
POSITIVE:1 leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb . 
NEGATIVE:0 director ferzan ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building . but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person . 
NEGATIVE:0 tries to add some spice to its quirky sentiments but the taste is all too familiar . 
POSITIVE:1 still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love . 
NEGATIVE:0 since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche . 
POSITIVE:1 idiotic and ugly . 
POSITIVE:1 among the year's most intriguing explorations of alientation . 
POSITIVE:1 poignant and funny . 
POSITIVE:1  ( a ) hollywood sheen bedevils the film from the very beginning . . . ( but ) lohman's moist , deeply emotional eyes shine through this bogus veneer . . . 
POSITIVE:1 a mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book . 
POSITIVE:1  with one exception , every blighter in this particular south london housing project digs into dysfunction like it's a big , comforting jar of marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness . 
POSITIVE:1 like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea's recent past and south korea's future adds a much needed moral weight . 
NEGATIVE:0 despite the pyrotechnics , narc is strictly by the book . 
POSITIVE:1 a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli . 
POSITIVE:1 has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they're not interested . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay . 
NEGATIVE:0 'pocas ideas interesantes , un final pseudo místico que no corresponde al tono general del filme y que deja una sensación de inconformidad que hace pensar más de una vez si vale la pena ir a la taquilla y reclamar el precio del boleto . '
NEGATIVE:0 represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen . 
NEGATIVE:0 [toback's] fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard . . . blends uneasily with the titillating material . 
POSITIVE:1 no screen fantasy-adventure in recent memory has the showmanship of clones' last 45 minutes . 
NEGATIVE:0 feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form . 
NEGATIVE:0 overall , the film misses the brilliance of jelinek's novel by some way . it settles for being merely grim . 
POSITIVE:1 sum " is jack ryan's " do-over . " give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works . especially give credit to affleck . 
NEGATIVE:0 it seems just a long , convoluted ploy to get men into drag -- period drag , no less . 
NEGATIVE:0 plays like some corny television production from a bygone era
NEGATIVE:0 the picture is a primer on what happens when lack of know-how mixes with lack of give-a-damn . 
NEGATIVE:0 this 72-minute film does have some exciting scenes , but it's a tad slow . 
NEGATIVE:0 the story is naturally poignant , but first-time screenwriter paul pender overloads it with sugary bits of business . 
NEGATIVE:0 louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just doesn't make sense . 
POSITIVE:1 a beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions . 
POSITIVE:1 pacino is the best he's been in years and keener is marvelous . 
NEGATIVE:0 seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product's unshapely look , director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors . 
POSITIVE:1 this is not an easy film . but it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one . 
POSITIVE:1 parker holds true to wilde's own vision of a pure comedy with absolutely no meaning , and no desire to be anything but a polished , sophisticated entertainment that is in love with its own cleverness . 
NEGATIVE:0 cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle . 
NEGATIVE:0 gets better after foster leaves that little room . 
POSITIVE:1 a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet . 
POSITIVE:1 a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed . 
NEGATIVE:0 credibility sinks into a mire of sentiment . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x . . . look positively shakesperean by comparison . 
NEGATIVE:0 squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare . 
NEGATIVE:0 [it's] a prison soccer movie starring charismatic tough guy vinnie jones , but it had too much spitting for me to enjoy . 
NEGATIVE:0 narratively , trouble every day is a plodding mess . 
NEGATIVE:0 not just unlikable . disturbing . disgusting . without any redeeming value whatsoever . 
NEGATIVE:0 so routine , familiar and predictable , it raises the possibility that it wrote itself as a newly automated final draft computer program . 
POSITIVE:1 a brutal and funny work . nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy doesn't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully . 
NEGATIVE:0 too ordinary to restore [harmon] to prominence , despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience . 
NEGATIVE:0 some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills . men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic . 
NEGATIVE:0 a feature-length , r-rated , road-trip version of mama's family . 
POSITIVE:1 shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes . 
POSITIVE:1 often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers . 
POSITIVE:1 i've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we've got something pretty damn close . 
POSITIVE:1 talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it's still quite worth seeing . 
POSITIVE:1 for its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stunning acting , the film can only be applauded . 
POSITIVE:1 whenever you think you've figured out late marriage , it throws you for a loop . 
POSITIVE:1 while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's not much going on in this movie unless you simply decide to buy into the notion that something inexplicably strange once happened in point pleasant . 
POSITIVE:1 some may choose to interpret the film's end as hopeful or optimistic but i think payne is after something darker . 
POSITIVE:1 weird . rewarding . 
NEGATIVE:0 the problem with the bread , my sweet is that it's far too sentimental . 
POSITIVE:1 disney aficionados will notice distinct parallels between this story and the 1971 musical " bedknobs and broomsticks , " which also dealt with british children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime . 
NEGATIVE:0 a sha-na-na sketch punctuated with graphic violence . 
POSITIVE:1 compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , runteldat is something of a triumph . 
POSITIVE:1 more than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 shouldn't have been allowed to use the word " new " in its title , because there's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie . 
POSITIVE:1 has its share of arresting images . 
NEGATIVE:0 the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue . 
NEGATIVE:0 i can't say this enough : this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies . 
POSITIVE:1 cq's reflection of artists and the love of cinema-and-self suggests nothing less than a new voice that deserves to be considered as a possible successor to the best european directors . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's just rather leaden and dull . 
NEGATIVE:0 on its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc . , without the latter's imagination , visual charm or texture . 
NEGATIVE:0 yet another movie which presumes that high school social groups are at war , let alone conscious of each other's existence . 
POSITIVE:1 wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse . 
NEGATIVE:0 the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . the images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable . 
NEGATIVE:0 both awful and appealing . 
NEGATIVE:0 basically a static series of semi-improvised ( and semi-coherent ) raps between the stars . 
NEGATIVE:0 ah , the travails of metropolitan life ! alas , another breathless movie about same ! 
NEGATIVE:0 [t]oo many of these gross out scenes . . . 
POSITIVE:1 i liked a lot of the smaller scenes . 
NEGATIVE:0 this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications . . . that have no bearing on the story . 
POSITIVE:1 if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it's to this film's ( and its makers' ) credit that we believe that that's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves . 
NEGATIVE:0 the only camouflage carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers . 
NEGATIVE:0 remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ? when the twist endings were actually surprising ? when the violence actually shocked ? when the heroes were actually under 40 ? sadly , as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago . 
NEGATIVE:0 it looks good , but it is essentially empty . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . understands that a generation defines its music as much as the music defines a generation . 
NEGATIVE:0 its story may be a thousand years old , but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ? 
POSITIVE:1 it's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but olympia , wash . , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it's what makes their project so interesting . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's frustrating to see these guys -- who are obviously pretty clever -- waste their talent on parodies of things they probably thought were funniest when they were high . 
NEGATIVE:0 a one-trick pony whose few t&a bits still can't save itself from being unoriginal , unfunny and unrecommendable . 
NEGATIVE:0 believability wasn't one of the film's virtues . 
POSITIVE:1 a taut psychological thriller that doesn't waste a moment of its two-hour running time . 
NEGATIVE:0 that the chuck norris " grenade gag " occurs about 7 times during windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture . 
POSITIVE:1 as giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast . 
POSITIVE:1 you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions ; i'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week . 
NEGATIVE:0 such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show . 
POSITIVE:1 it may not be as cutting , as witty or as true as back in the glory days of weekend and two or three things i know about her , but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process ? 
POSITIVE:1 we root for [clara and paul] , even like them , though perhaps it's an emotion closer to pity . 
POSITIVE:1 a pure participatory event that malnourished intellectuals will gulp down in a frenzy . 
POSITIVE:1 yakusho and shimizu . . . create engaging characterizations in imamura's lively and enjoyable cultural mix . 
POSITIVE:1 maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor . 
NEGATIVE:0 russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers's title-bout features . 
NEGATIVE:0 what's next ? the porky's revenge : ultimate edition ? 
NEGATIVE:0 the script isn't very good ; not even someone as gifted as hoffman ( the actor ) can make it work . 
POSITIVE:1 got a david lynch jones ? then you'd do well to check this one out because it's straight up twin peaks action . . . 
POSITIVE:1 there's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and cq shimmers with it . 
POSITIVE:1 one can't deny its seriousness and quality . 
POSITIVE:1  " home movie " is the film equivalent of a lovingly rendered coffee table book . 
POSITIVE:1 a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise . 
POSITIVE:1 a real movie , about real people , that gives us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us don't know . 
NEGATIVE:0 throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material . 
NEGATIVE:0 maudlin and melodramatic we expected . boring we didn't . 
POSITIVE:1 though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia's true emotions . . . but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking . 
NEGATIVE:0 dissing a bond movie is quite like calling a dog stupid , but when it has the temerity to run over two hours , you feel like winding up with a kick . 
POSITIVE:1 the story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution . 
POSITIVE:1 the film exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken . 
NEGATIVE:0 the armenian genocide deserves a more engaged and honest treatment . 
POSITIVE:1 the salton sea has moments of inspired humour , though every scrap is of the darkest variety . 
POSITIVE:1 the experience of watching blobby old-school cgi animation in this superlarge format is just surreal enough to be diverting . 
NEGATIVE:0 in the wake of saving private ryan , black hawk down and we were soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage's war-weary marine . 
NEGATIVE:0 the result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today's hollywood . 
POSITIVE:1 the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all can't stand . 
POSITIVE:1 the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection . 
NEGATIVE:0 this 10th film in the series looks and feels tired . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film's bathos often overwhelms what could have been a more multifaceted look at this interesting time and place . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's a very tasteful rock and roll movie . you could put it on a coffee table anywhere . 
NEGATIVE:0 earnest but heavy-handed . 
NEGATIVE:0 directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name
POSITIVE:1 you walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions — disapproval of justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added . 
POSITIVE:1 depending upon your reaction to this movie , you may never again be able to look at a red felt sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles . 
NEGATIVE:0 for all the complications , it's all surprisingly predictable . 
NEGATIVE:0 summer's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this . 
NEGATIVE:0 with the exception of mccoist , the players don't have a clue on the park . the acting isn't much better . 
POSITIVE:1 the piano teacher is not an easy film . it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling . 
NEGATIVE:0 though there's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish . 
POSITIVE:1 [næs] directed the stage version of elling , and gets fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters on stage . 
NEGATIVE:0 a supernatural mystery that doesn't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama . it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors . 
NEGATIVE:0 ' . . . the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well . . . but quite frankly , scoob and shag don't eat enough during the film . '
NEGATIVE:0 if you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride . 
POSITIVE:1 [there's] quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one . 
POSITIVE:1 sean penn , you owe nicolas cage an apology . 
POSITIVE:1 what makes how i killed my father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is fontaine's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching . 
NEGATIVE:0 proves that a movie about goodness is not the same thing as a good movie . 
POSITIVE:1 the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's of the quality of a lesser harrison ford movie - six days , seven nights , maybe , or that dreadful sabrina remake . 
POSITIVE:1 has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope . 
NEGATIVE:0 trying to figure out the rules of the country bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax einstein's brain . 
NEGATIVE:0 one of the most incoherent features in recent memory . 
NEGATIVE:0 content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance . 
NEGATIVE:0 by getting myself wrapped up in the visuals and eccentricities of many of the characters , i found myself confused when it came time to get to the heart of the movie . 
POSITIVE:1 [an] absorbing documentary . 
POSITIVE:1 the film is a fierce dance of destruction . its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude . 
NEGATIVE:0 laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters . 
POSITIVE:1 it suggests the wide-ranging effects of media manipulation , from the kind of reporting that is done by the supposedly liberal media . . . to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like hatfield and hicks . 
POSITIVE:1 eight crazy nights is a showcase for sandler's many talents . 
NEGATIVE:0 everything is off . 
POSITIVE:1 claude miller airs out a tight plot with an easy pace and a focus on character drama over crime-film complications . 
POSITIVE:1 as any creature-feature fan knows , when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures , you get a lot of running around , screaming and death . on that score , the film certainly doesn't disappoint . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue . 
NEGATIVE:0 the story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that you're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships . 
POSITIVE:1 better than the tepid star trek : insurrection ; falls short of first contact because the villain couldn't pick the lint off borg queen alice krige's cape ; and finishes half a parsec ( a nose ) ahead of generations . 
POSITIVE:1 the vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful . 
NEGATIVE:0 a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains . . . crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential . 
POSITIVE:1 it's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate . 
NEGATIVE:0 bean drops the ball too many times . . . hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue . 
NEGATIVE:0 super troopers is an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early zucker brothers/abrahams films , and the decidedly foul stylings of their post-modern contemporaries , the farrelly brothers . 
NEGATIVE:0 showtime is closer to slowtime . 
NEGATIVE:0 sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they'd need a shower . 
NEGATIVE:0 its save-the-planet message clashes with its crass marketing . 
NEGATIVE:0 unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , impostor is opening today at a theater near you . 
NEGATIVE:0 consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire . 
POSITIVE:1 one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature . 
NEGATIVE:0 less worrying about covering all the drama in frida's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie . 
POSITIVE:1 deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame . 
NEGATIVE:0 no reason for anyone to invest their hard-earned bucks into a movie which obviously didn't invest much into itself either . 
POSITIVE:1 sensitively examines general issues of race and justice among the poor , and specifically raises serious questions about the death penalty and asks what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do . 
NEGATIVE:0 it is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them . 
POSITIVE:1 a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies . 
POSITIVE:1 it's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke . 
NEGATIVE:0 the plot grinds on with yawn-provoking dullness . 
POSITIVE:1 in a summer overrun with movies dominated by cgi aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway . 
POSITIVE:1 by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre . 
NEGATIVE:0 it throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , " look at this ! this is an interesting movie ! " but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging . 
POSITIVE:1 works because we're never sure if ohlinger's on the level or merely a dying , delusional man trying to get into the history books before he croaks . 
POSITIVE:1 if it's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch . 
NEGATIVE:0 a collage of clichés and a dim echo of allusions to other films . 
NEGATIVE:0 literally nothing in the pool is new , but if you grew up on the stalker flicks of the 1980's this one should appease you for 90 minutes . 
POSITIVE:1 this is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life . delight your senses and crash this wedding ! 
NEGATIVE:0 never again swings between false sentiment and unfunny madcap comedy and , along the way , expects the audience to invest in the central relationship as some kind of marriage of true minds . 
POSITIVE:1 an intriguing cinematic omnibus and round-robin that occasionally is more interesting in concept than in execution . 
NEGATIVE:0 blood work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood's dirty harry period . 
POSITIVE:1 while not all that bad of a movie , it's nowhere near as good as the original . 
NEGATIVE:0 4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly . 
NEGATIVE:0 a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged . 
POSITIVE:1 ryosuke has created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family . 
NEGATIVE:0 while benigni ( who stars and co-wrote ) seems to be having a wonderful time , he might be alone in that . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie's ripe , enrapturing beauty will tempt those willing to probe its inscrutable mysteries . 
NEGATIVE:0 technically , the film is about as interesting as an insurance commercial . 
POSITIVE:1 the film hinges on its performances , and both leads are up to the task . 
NEGATIVE:0 it appears that something has been lost in the translation to the screen . 
NEGATIVE:0 could the country bears really be as bad as its trailers ? in a word -- yes . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's a disturbing 'great white hope' undertone to the other side of heaven that subtly undermines its message of christian love and compassion . 
POSITIVE:1 a film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours . 
POSITIVE:1 it's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s . 
POSITIVE:1 tells ( the story ) with such atmospheric ballast that shrugging off the plot's persnickety problems is simply a matter of ( being ) in a shrugging mood . 
POSITIVE:1 could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format ? in a word : no . 
POSITIVE:1 impresses you with its open-endedness and surprises . 
NEGATIVE:0 suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands . 
POSITIVE:1 what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish . 
POSITIVE:1 this enthralling documentary . . . is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends . 
POSITIVE:1 my oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 if you believe any of this , i can make you a real deal on leftover enron stock that will double in value a week from friday . 
NEGATIVE:0 kim ki-deok seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested . 
POSITIVE:1 the filmmakers' eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls' environment . 
POSITIVE:1 by the time it ends in a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes , it has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better . 
POSITIVE:1 a movie that will wear you out and make you misty even when you don't want to be . 
POSITIVE:1 real women have curves doesn't offer any easy answers . 
POSITIVE:1 overall , it's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love . 
NEGATIVE:0 certainly not a good movie , but it wasn't horrible either . 
POSITIVE:1 a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeare's plays . 
POSITIVE:1 with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley , paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work . 
NEGATIVE:0 crikey indeed . 
NEGATIVE:0 i can take infantile humor . . . but this is the sort of infantile that makes you wonder about changing the director and writer's diapers . 
POSITIVE:1 de oliveira creates an emotionally rich , poetically plump and visually fulsome , but never showy , film whose bittersweet themes are reinforced and brilliantly personified by michel piccoli . 
POSITIVE:1 this ready-made midnight movie probably won't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun . 
NEGATIVE:0 seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what's left of his passe' chopsocky glory . 
POSITIVE:1 a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera . . . 
POSITIVE:1 the film's strength isn't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears . 
POSITIVE:1 those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give " scratch " a second look . 
POSITIVE:1 delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity . 
POSITIVE:1 waiting for godard can be fruitful : 'in praise of love' is the director's epitaph for himself . 
POSITIVE:1 a modest masterpiece . 
POSITIVE:1 will you go ape over this movie ? well , it probably won't have you swinging from the trees hooting it's praises , but it's definitely worth taking a look . 
NEGATIVE:0 much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad . 
POSITIVE:1 the quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths . 
POSITIVE:1 beneath the film's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve . 
POSITIVE:1 superb production values & christian bale's charisma make up for a derivative plot . 
NEGATIVE:0 rollerball is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine . 
NEGATIVE:0 a puzzle whose pieces do not fit . some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 what is 100% missing here is a script of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie is too cute to take itself too seriously , but it still feels like it was made by some very stoned college students . 
POSITIVE:1 the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us . this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one . it's sort of in-between , and it works . 
NEGATIVE:0 tale will be all too familiar for anyone who's seen george roy hill's 1973 film , " the sting . " 
POSITIVE:1 allows us to hope that nolan is poised to embark a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker . 
NEGATIVE:0 yo , it's the days of our lives meets electric boogaloo . 
NEGATIVE:0 harvard man is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality . 
POSITIVE:1 the kind of nervous film that will either give you a mild headache or exhilarate you . 
POSITIVE:1 gloriously goofy ( and gory ) midnight movie stuff . 
POSITIVE:1 watching beanie and his gang put together his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it . 
POSITIVE:1 i don't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he's made at least one damn fine horror movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 director hoffman , his writer and kline's agent should serve detention
POSITIVE:1 imagine o . henry's <b>the gift of the magi</b> relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc's drug scene . merry friggin' christmas ! 
NEGATIVE:0 after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget . 
POSITIVE:1 gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre . 
NEGATIVE:0 if you're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver's license , you should be able to find better entertainment . 
POSITIVE:1 there's much tongue in cheek in the film and there's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all . 
POSITIVE:1 an escapist confection that's pure entertainment . 
POSITIVE:1 lovely and poignant . puts a human face on a land most westerners are unfamiliar with . 
POSITIVE:1 a highly spirited , imaginative kid's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god stuck in heaven because he's afraid of his best-known creation ? 
POSITIVE:1 for all its failed connections , divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood is nurturing , in a gauzy , dithering way . 
NEGATIVE:0 even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture . 
POSITIVE:1 tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to liyan's backyard . 
POSITIVE:1 the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react . 
NEGATIVE:0 weiss and speck never make a convincing case for the relevance of these two 20th-century footnotes . 
POSITIVE:1 an incendiary , deeply thought-provoking look at one of the most peculiar ( and peculiarly venomous ) bigotries in our increasingly frightening theocracy
POSITIVE:1 garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you'll want things to work out . 
POSITIVE:1 this surreal gilliam-esque film is also a troubling interpretation of ecclesiastes . a rewarding work of art for only the most patient and challenge-hungry moviegoers . 
POSITIVE:1 a hugely rewarding experience that's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones's diary . 
NEGATIVE:0 while van wilder may not be the worst national lampoon film , it's far from being this generation's animal house . 
POSITIVE:1 wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture . 
NEGATIVE:0 if all of eight legged freaks was as entertaining as the final hour , i would have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation . 
NEGATIVE:0 a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'empowerment . '
POSITIVE:1 though the film never veers from its comic course , its unintentional parallels might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous . 
POSITIVE:1 there is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye . 
NEGATIVE:0 bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be . 
POSITIVE:1 in its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as jiri menzel's closely watched trains and danis tanovic's no man's land . 
NEGATIVE:0 predictable and cloying , though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle . 
NEGATIVE:0 how inept is serving sara ? it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly . 
NEGATIVE:0 with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable " formula 51 " is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger . 
NEGATIVE:0 '[hopkins]doesn't so much phone in his performance as fax it . no , even that's too committed . he gets his secretary to fax it . " 
POSITIVE:1 often overwrought and at times positively irritating , the film turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself . 
NEGATIVE:0 could the whole plan here have been to produce something that makes fatal attraction look like a classic by comparison ? that's the only sane rationale i can think of for swimfan's existence . 
POSITIVE:1 the grey zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of holocaust movies . . . but the film suffers from its own difficulties . 
POSITIVE:1 walter hill's undisputed is like a 1940s warner bros . b picture , and i mean that as a compliment . 
NEGATIVE:0 a film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen . 
NEGATIVE:0 enchanted with low-life tragedy and liberally seasoned with emotional outbursts . . . what is sorely missing , however , is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with cage's best acting . 
POSITIVE:1 bright seems alternately amused and disgusted with this material , and he can't help throwing in a few of his own touches . 
NEGATIVE:0 although huppert's intensity and focus has a raw exhilaration about it , the piano teacher is anything but fun . 
POSITIVE:1 kosminsky . . . puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality . 
POSITIVE:1 daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story
NEGATIVE:0 the chateau . . . is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters . 
POSITIVE:1 made me unintentionally famous — as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby . but believe it or not , it's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i've seen . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film doesn't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously , it cares about how ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the cia . 
POSITIVE:1 a highly personal look at the effects of living a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle , and by the end , we only wish we could have spent more time in its world . 
NEGATIVE:0 enigma is well-made , but it's just too dry and too placid . 
POSITIVE:1 the gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of chris fuhrman's posthumously published cult novel . 
NEGATIVE:0 the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum . a rumor of angels doesn't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness . 
NEGATIVE:0 tends to plod . 
POSITIVE:1 wiseman reveals the victims of domestic abuse in all of their pity and terror . 
POSITIVE:1 the beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor . 
POSITIVE:1 there's a lot to recommend read my lips . 
NEGATIVE:0 serving sara doesn't serve up a whole lot of laughs . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip . the end result is a film that's neither . 
POSITIVE:1 has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke . 
POSITIVE:1 in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier . 
NEGATIVE:0 not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie . 
POSITIVE:1 a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian sci-fi . 
POSITIVE:1 stay clear of reminding yourself that it's a " true story " and you're likely to have one helluva time at the movies . 
NEGATIVE:0 undone by its overly complicated and derivative screenplay , the glacier-paced direction and the stereotypical characters . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey . 
POSITIVE:1 a reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility . 
POSITIVE:1 if borstal boy isn't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece . 
NEGATIVE:0 so what is the point ? lovingly choreographed bloodshed taking place in a pristine movie neverland , basically . 
NEGATIVE:0 the cast has a high time , but de broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp . 
POSITIVE:1 confounding because it solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis . acting cannot be acted . 
NEGATIVE:0 about one in three gags in white's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook . 
NEGATIVE:0 harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden . 
NEGATIVE:0 collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence . 
NEGATIVE:0 abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed . the only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care . 
POSITIVE:1 the 1960s rebellion was misdirected : you can't fight your culture . 
NEGATIVE:0 tadpole is emblematic of the witless ageism afflicting films : young is cool , and too young is too cool . 
NEGATIVE:0 an infuriating film . just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense . 
NEGATIVE:0 why come up with something even quasi-original , when you can pillage from shirley jackson , richard matheson . . . and puke up something like rose red ? 
NEGATIVE:0 buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr . chips off the old block . 
NEGATIVE:0 not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general . it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them . 
POSITIVE:1 a tender , heartfelt family drama . 
NEGATIVE:0 a battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's young guns meets goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs . -greaseballs mob action-comedy . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant . 
NEGATIVE:0 talky , artificial and opaque . . . an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture . 
NEGATIVE:0 as saccharine as it is disposable . 
NEGATIVE:0 instead of kicking off the intrigue and suspense and mystery of the whole thing , hart's war , like the st . louis rams in the super bowl , waits until after halftime to get started . 
NEGATIVE:0 i found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent . 
NEGATIVE:0 just plain silly . 
NEGATIVE:0 the iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did . 
POSITIVE:1 you really have to salute writer-director haneke ( he adapted elfriede jelinek's novel ) for making a film that isn't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch . 
POSITIVE:1 tsai has managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of yasujiro ozu . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . the story , like ravel's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with . 
POSITIVE:1 there is a subversive element to this disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability . 
NEGATIVE:0 the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin couldn't keep my attention . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie is one of the best examples of artful large format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon . 
POSITIVE:1 an ironic speculation on democracy in a culture unaccustomed to it . 
POSITIVE:1 the film oozes craft . 
POSITIVE:1 brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade . 
POSITIVE:1 a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 [allen's] been making piffle for a long while , and hollywood ending may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now . 
NEGATIVE:0 all the necessary exposition prevents the picture from rising above your generic sand 'n' sandal adventure . 
POSITIVE:1 a thought-provoking picture . 
POSITIVE:1 a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds . 
NEGATIVE:0 whatever the movie's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes . 
NEGATIVE:0 guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep . 
POSITIVE:1 a map of the inner rhythms of love and jealousy and sacrifice drawn with a master's steady stroke . 
POSITIVE:1 there's no reason to miss interview with the assassin
NEGATIVE:0 sunshine state surveys the landscape and assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology . but the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed . 
NEGATIVE:0 scotland , pa . blurs the line between black comedy and black hole . 
NEGATIVE:0 so much facile technique , such cute ideas , so little movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 the thing looks like a made-for-home-video quickie . 
POSITIVE:1 a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe . 
POSITIVE:1 this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are . 
POSITIVE:1 though only 60 minutes long , the film is packed with information and impressions . 
NEGATIVE:0 intriguing documentary which is emotionally diluted by focusing on the story's least interesting subject . 
POSITIVE:1 there's absolutely no reason why blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is
NEGATIVE:0 sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they can't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction . 
POSITIVE:1 director alfonso cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films . 
NEGATIVE:0 oh come on . like you couldn't smell this turkey rotting from miles away . 
POSITIVE:1 the structure is simple , but in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings . 
POSITIVE:1 greengrass ( working from don mullan's script ) forgoes the larger socio-political picture of the situation in northern ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation . 
NEGATIVE:0 initially gripping , eventually cloying pow drama . 
NEGATIVE:0 behan's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense -- but sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance . 
NEGATIVE:0 it can't decide if it wants to be a mystery/thriller , a romance or a comedy . 
NEGATIVE:0 offers absolutely nothing i hadn't already seen . 
NEGATIVE:0 [t]his slop doesn't even have potential as a cult film , as it's too loud to shout insults at the screen . 
POSITIVE:1 director douglas mcgrath takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading . 
POSITIVE:1 if there's one big point to promises , it's that nothing can change while physical and psychological barriers keep the sides from speaking even one word to each other . 
NEGATIVE:0 it has the right approach and the right opening premise , but it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material . 
POSITIVE:1 if you're willing to have fun with it , you won't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful . 
POSITIVE:1 consummate actor barry has done excellent work here . 
NEGATIVE:0 hardly makes the kind of points egoyan wanted to make , nor does it exist as the kind of monument he wanted to build , to victims whose voices have never gained the ears of the world . 
POSITIVE:1 the rare movie that's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it's based . 
POSITIVE:1 adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean's themes without being a true adaptation of her book . 
NEGATIVE:0 parents beware ; this is downright movie penance . 
POSITIVE:1 demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces . 
NEGATIVE:0 with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout . . . by which time it's impossible to care who wins . 
NEGATIVE:0 the only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater . 
NEGATIVE:0 friday after next has the same problem that next friday did -- it's called where's chris tucker when you need him ? 
POSITIVE:1 michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he's got as potent a topic as ever here . 
POSITIVE:1 kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and lan yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 no amount of nostalgia for carvey's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey's considerable talents are wasted in it . 
POSITIVE:1 a good piece of work more often than not . 
NEGATIVE:0 boring and meandering . 
NEGATIVE:0 just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation . 
NEGATIVE:0 the director's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that's low on both suspense and payoff . 
NEGATIVE:0 frida is certainly no disaster , but neither is it the kahlo movie frida fans have been looking for . 
POSITIVE:1 it's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime . 
POSITIVE:1 the film's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise . 
NEGATIVE:0 sustains its dreamlike glide through a succession of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects , not the least of which is rebecca romijn-stamos . 
NEGATIVE:0 national lampoon's van wilder may aim to be the next animal house , but it more closely resembles this year's version of tomcats . 
POSITIVE:1 a thriller made from a completist's checklist rather than with a cultist's passion . 
NEGATIVE:0 like a documentary version of fight club , shorn of social insight , intellectual pretension and cinematic interest . 
NEGATIVE:0 a movie that , rather than skip along the seine , more or less slogs its way through soggy paris , tongue uncomfortably in cheek . 
POSITIVE:1 i like this movie a lot . i like that smith , he's not making fun of these people , he's not laughing at them . 
NEGATIVE:0 this movie . . . doesn't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is . 
POSITIVE:1 the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either doesn't notice when his story ends or just can't tear himself away from the characters -- but it's smooth and professional . 
POSITIVE:1 a finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere . 
POSITIVE:1 either a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a cool event for the whole family . maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again . 
NEGATIVE:0 it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it . 
NEGATIVE:0 sorority boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it . 
POSITIVE:1 aside from rohmer's bold choices regarding point of view , the lady and the duke represents the filmmaker's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's all surface psychodramatics . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie's biggest offense is its complete and utter lack of tension . 
POSITIVE:1 the pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of steven spielberg's schindler's list . but mr . polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr . spielberg's 1993 classic . 
NEGATIVE:0 imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s . 
POSITIVE:1 apesar de seus graves problemas , o filme consegue entreter . 
NEGATIVE:0 a yawn-provoking little farm melodrama . 
POSITIVE:1 has a lot of the virtues of eastwood at his best . 
NEGATIVE:0 an overstuffed compendium of teen-catholic-movie dogma . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is a picture that maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of : it hijacks the heat of revolution and turns it into a sales tool . 
POSITIVE:1 it's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair . 
NEGATIVE:0 the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film might have been more satisfying if it had , in fact , been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles . 
POSITIVE:1 michael gerbosi's script is economically packed with telling scenes . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman . 
POSITIVE:1 although laced with humor and a few fanciful touches , the film is a refreshingly serious look at young women . 
POSITIVE:1 if you haven't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg's work . much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments . . . 
POSITIVE:1 wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars
POSITIVE:1 [d]oesn't bother being as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical christian movies -- maybe the filmmakers know that the likely audience will already be among the faithful . 
NEGATIVE:0 in spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers , apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice . 
NEGATIVE:0 after a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky . 
POSITIVE:1 a melancholy , emotional film . 
POSITIVE:1 a rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means . 
POSITIVE:1 el título no engaña : la película narra una historia donde una mujer enfrentará cierta realidad , y donde el sexo es . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 the script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that doesn't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people . 
POSITIVE:1 celebrated at sundance , this slight comedy of manners has winning performances and a glossy , glib charm that's hard to beat . 
POSITIVE:1 although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense . 
POSITIVE:1 highly watchable stuff . 
POSITIVE:1 while insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , nolan's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth . 
POSITIVE:1 visually captivating . 
NEGATIVE:0 a shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and rocawear clothing . 
NEGATIVE:0 this 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material . 
NEGATIVE:0 this film biggest problem ? no laughs . 
NEGATIVE:0 at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance . 
NEGATIVE:0 [screenwriter] pimental took the farrelly brothers comedy and feminized it , but it is a rather poor imitation . 
NEGATIVE:0 cry havoc and let slip the dogs of cheese , indeed . 
POSITIVE:1 for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between sullivan and his son . 
POSITIVE:1 fontaine's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal . 
NEGATIVE:0 meandering and glacially paced , and often just plain dull . 
NEGATIVE:0 manages to be somewhat well-acted , not badly art-directed and utterly unengaging no matter how hard it tries to be thrilling , touching or , yikes , uproarious . 
NEGATIVE:0 lanie's professional success means she must be a failure at life , because she's driven by ambition and doesn't know how to have fun . 
NEGATIVE:0 whether it's the worst movie of 2002 , i can't say for sure : memories of rollerball have faded , and i skipped country bears . but this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title . 
NEGATIVE:0 it drowns in sap . 
POSITIVE:1 this movie may not have the highest production values you've ever seen , but it's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep . 
POSITIVE:1 far more imaginative and ambitious than the trivial , cash-in features nickelodeon has made from its other animated tv series . 
POSITIVE:1 the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome . 
NEGATIVE:0 the milieu is wholly unconvincing . . . and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch . 
NEGATIVE:0 fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur . 
POSITIVE:1 sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite , but sometimes it must have seemed to frida kahlo as if her life did , too . 
POSITIVE:1 in all fairness , i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a rare window on an artistic collaboration . 
NEGATIVE:0 the sort of movie that gives tastelessness a bad rap . 
NEGATIVE:0 culkin exudes none of the charm or charisma that might keep a more general audience even vaguely interested in his bratty character . 
POSITIVE:1 the film's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations . 
POSITIVE:1 birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . tunney is allowed to build an uncommonly human character , an almost real-live girl complete with trouble and hope . 
NEGATIVE:0 if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $8 and get ready for the big shear . this is one baaaaaaaaad movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 so unremittingly awful that labeling it a dog probably constitutes cruelty to canines . 
NEGATIVE:0 the screenplay sabotages the movie's strengths at almost every juncture . all the characters are stereotypes , and their interaction is numbingly predictable . 
POSITIVE:1 could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals . 
NEGATIVE:0 a puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks . 
POSITIVE:1 shanghai ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life . 
POSITIVE:1 this is a superior horror flick . 
POSITIVE:1 classic cinema served up with heart and humor
NEGATIVE:0 presents a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency . 
POSITIVE:1 for anyone who remembers the '60s or is interested in one man's response to stroke , ram dass : fierce grace is worth seeking out . 
POSITIVE:1 it has a subtle way of getting under your skin and sticking with you long after it's over . 
POSITIVE:1 the animated subplot keenly depicts the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes - insecure , uncontrolled , and intense . 
POSITIVE:1 it is definitely worth seeing . 
NEGATIVE:0 'linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project . . . '
NEGATIVE:0 a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . a visually seductive , unrepentantly trashy take on rice's second installment of her vampire chronicles . 
POSITIVE:1 a quiet , pure , elliptical film
POSITIVE:1 is office work really as alienating as 'bartleby' so effectively makes it ? 
NEGATIVE:0 'god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . '
NEGATIVE:0 to portray modern women the way director davis has done is just unthinkable . 
NEGATIVE:0 more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
POSITIVE:1 it has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out . 
POSITIVE:1 a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last . 
POSITIVE:1 lightweight but appealing . 
POSITIVE:1 possession is elizabeth barrett browning meets nancy drew , and it's directed by . . . neil labute . hmm . 
POSITIVE:1 it's solid and affecting and exactly as thought-provoking as it should be . 
POSITIVE:1 with youthful high spirits , tautou remains captivating throughout michele's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast . 
POSITIVE:1 it somehow managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart
POSITIVE:1 the movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's an earnest debut full of heartfelt performances , but is ultimately let down by a story that is all too predictable . 
NEGATIVE:0 as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer . as the mediterranean sparkles , 'swept away' sinks . 
NEGATIVE:0 why spend $9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ? 
NEGATIVE:0 imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma . 
NEGATIVE:0 a big fat pain . 
POSITIVE:1 what's most striking about this largely celebratory film . . . is the sense of isolation that permeates these bastions of individuality in an ikea world . 
NEGATIVE:0 less than fresh . 
POSITIVE:1 i'm not generally a fan of vegetables but this batch is pretty cute . 
NEGATIVE:0 a fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece . 
NEGATIVE:0 there are simply too many ideas floating around -- part farce , part sliding doors , part pop video -- and yet failing to exploit them . 
NEGATIVE:0 the satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying . 
NEGATIVE:0 bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly . 
POSITIVE:1 as well-acted and well-intentioned as all or nothing is , however , the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good . 
NEGATIVE:0 a dreary , incoherent , self-indulgent mess of a movie in which a bunch of pompous windbags drone on inanely for two hours . . . a cacophony of pretentious , meaningless prattle . 
POSITIVE:1 it's worth seeing just on the basis of the wisdom , and at times , the startling optimism , of the children . 
NEGATIVE:0 even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other bullock and grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene . what should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test . 
NEGATIVE:0 a cockeyed shot all the way . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who don't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes . 
POSITIVE:1 a spellbinding african film about the modern condition of rootlessness , a state experienced by millions around the globe . 
NEGATIVE:0 it believes it's revealing some great human truths , when , in reality , it's churning ground that has long passed the point of being fertile . 
NEGATIVE:0 this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror . 
POSITIVE:1 dense , exhilarating documentary . 
NEGATIVE:0 this heist flick about young brooklyn hoods is off the shelf after two years to capitalize on the popularity of vin diesel , seth green and barry pepper . it should have stayed there . 
POSITIVE:1 pacino and williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film . what results is the best performance from either in years . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . the film falls back on the same old formula of teen sex , outrageous pranks and scenes designed to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs . 
NEGATIVE:0 the ring just left me cold and wet like i was out in the seattle drizzle without rainwear . 
POSITIVE:1 the entire cast is extraordinarily good . 
POSITIVE:1 claire is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games . 
NEGATIVE:0 a coarse and stupid gross-out . 
POSITIVE:1 from the opening strains of the average white band's " pick up the pieces " , you can feel the love . 
POSITIVE:1 a big-budget/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity , and an event . 
POSITIVE:1 barry convinces us he's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful . 
POSITIVE:1 film can't quite maintain its initial momentum , but remains sporadically funny throughout . 
POSITIVE:1 the plot of the comeback curlers isn't very interesting actually , but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what's unique and quirky about canadians . 
NEGATIVE:0 the structure the film takes may find matt damon and ben affleck once again looking for residuals as this officially completes a good will hunting trilogy that was never planned . 
NEGATIVE:0 a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood with a hefty helping of re-fried green tomatoes . 
POSITIVE:1 y tu mamá también is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt . 
NEGATIVE:0 it virtually defines a comedy that's strongly mediocre , with funny bits surfacing every once in a while . 
POSITIVE:1 the recording session is the only part of the film that is enlightening -- and how appreciative you are of this depends on your level of fandom . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's a gag that's worn a bit thin over the years , though don't ask still finds a few chuckles . 
NEGATIVE:0 an eccentric little comic/thriller deeply in love with its own quirky personality . 
POSITIVE:1 psychologically savvy . 
NEGATIVE:0 when it's all wet , blue crush is highly enjoyable . when it's on dry land , though , this surfer-girl melodrama starts gasping like a beached grouper . 
NEGATIVE:0 no way i can believe this load of junk . 
POSITIVE:1 maid in manhattan might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road . . . but as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans' lofty expectations , the movie passes inspection . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's such a mechanical endeavor [that] it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it . 
NEGATIVE:0 i wish windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story . this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes . 
NEGATIVE:0 almost everything about the film is unsettling , from the preposterous hairpiece worn by lai's villainous father to the endless action sequences . 
NEGATIVE:0 in terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused . 
POSITIVE:1 if you're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director's life , eisenstein delivers . 
NEGATIVE:0 dramatically lackluster . 
NEGATIVE:0 interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots . 
POSITIVE:1 a blessed gift to film geeks and historians . if the '70's were your idea of a good time at the movies , this will make you very happy . 
POSITIVE:1 very predictable but still entertaining
POSITIVE:1 as it turns out , you can go home again . 
NEGATIVE:0 stirs potentially enticing ingredients into an uneasy blend of ghost and close encounters of the third kind . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a pleasure to see seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies chris rock , garry shandling and colin quinn . 
NEGATIVE:0 the rock has a great presence but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer cgi effects . 
POSITIVE:1 what makes esther kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony . but it's worth the concentration . 
NEGATIVE:0 fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor . 
POSITIVE:1 ford deserves to be remembered at oscar time for crafting this wonderful portrait of a conflicted soldier . 
POSITIVE:1  i admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent's complaint . 
NEGATIVE:0 serving sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time . 
POSITIVE:1 davis . . . gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences . 
NEGATIVE:0 the one not-so-small problem with expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point . 
POSITIVE:1 it is a film that will have people walking out halfway through , will encourage others to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come . 
NEGATIVE:0 there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is nothing but familiar territory . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain . 
POSITIVE:1 take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he'll be your slave for a year . 
NEGATIVE:0 a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable . 
NEGATIVE:0 don michael paul uses quick-cuts , ( very ) large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double ( for seagal ) . 
NEGATIVE:0 charming , if overly complicated . . . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself . 
NEGATIVE:0 will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 . 
POSITIVE:1 i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 . cinematic poetry showcases the city's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a demented kitsch mess ( although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative ) , but it's savvy about celebrity and has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year . 
NEGATIVE:0 producer john penotti surveyed high school students . . . and came back with the astonishing revelation that " they wanted to see something that didn't talk down to them . " ignoring that , he made swimfan anyway
NEGATIVE:0 a characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 automatically pegs itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf . 
POSITIVE:1 though it's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves . 
POSITIVE:1  " the best disney movie since the lion king " 
NEGATIVE:0 collateral damage offers formula payback and the big payoff , but the explosions tend to simply hit their marks , pyro-correctly . 
POSITIVE:1 same song , second verse , coulda been better , but it coulda been worse . 
POSITIVE:1 a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them . 
POSITIVE:1 the story is virtually impossible to follow here , but there's a certain style and wit to the dialogue . 
NEGATIVE:0 all the movie's narrative gymnastics can't disguise the fact that it's inauthentic at its core and that its story just isn't worth telling . 
POSITIVE:1 a journey through memory , a celebration of living , and a sobering rumination on fatality , classism , and ignorance . 
NEGATIVE:0 while the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary . 
POSITIVE:1 whether writer-director anne fontaine's film is a ghost story , an account of a nervous breakdown , a trip down memory lane , all three or none of the above , it is as seductive as it is haunting . 
NEGATIVE:0 the only thing in pauline and paulette that you haven't seen before is a scene featuring a football field-sized oriental rug crafted out of millions of vibrant flowers . 
NEGATIVE:0 there is an almost poignant dimension to the way that every major stunt seagal's character . . . performs is shot from behind , as if it could fool us into thinking that we're not watching a double . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is the first film i've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved . 
POSITIVE:1 it's one heck of a character study -- not of hearst or davies but of the unique relationship between them . 
NEGATIVE:0 new best friend shouldn't have gone straight to video ; it should have gone straight to a mystery science theater 3000 video . 
POSITIVE:1 an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed . 
NEGATIVE:0 a zombie movie in every sense of the word--mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious . 
POSITIVE:1 remember the kind of movie we were hoping " ecks vs . sever " or " xxx " was going to be ? this is it . 
POSITIVE:1 but this is lohman's film . her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks . 
POSITIVE:1 like shrek , spirit's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director can't seem to get a coherent rhythm going . in fact , it doesn't even seem like she tried . 
NEGATIVE:0 though harris is affecting at times , he cannot overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities . 
NEGATIVE:0 the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it's hardly watchable . 
POSITIVE:1 one of recent memory's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise . 
NEGATIVE:0 if you're looking for comedy to be served up , better look elsewhere . 
POSITIVE:1 crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half . 
NEGATIVE:0 the plot is so predictable and sentimental that viewers are likely to lose interest before sandrine and her goats walk off into the sunset . 
POSITIVE:1 an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle , seesawed back and forth between controlling interests multiple times , then found its sweet spot
NEGATIVE:0 let's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate . 
POSITIVE:1 preaches to two completely different choirs at the same time , which is a pretty amazing accomplishment . 
NEGATIVE:0 a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification . 
NEGATIVE:0 as self-aware movies go , who is cletis tout ? is clever enough , though thin writing proves its undoing . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive . . . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy . 
POSITIVE:1 less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling ( though no less horrifying for it ) . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . has virtually no script at all . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 a processed comedy chop suey . 
NEGATIVE:0 the whole thing's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . brian de palma is utterly mad : cinema mad , set-piece mad , style mad . it's a beautiful madness . 
POSITIVE:1 while obviously aimed at kids , the country bears . . . should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio . 
NEGATIVE:0 had the film boasted a clearer , more memorable , the creepiness would have gotten under the skin . 
NEGATIVE:0 bartleby is a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that . 
POSITIVE:1 there's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one . 
POSITIVE:1 whatever complaints i might have , i'd take [its] earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor's club any time . 
POSITIVE:1 stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe . 
NEGATIVE:0 an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video . 
NEGATIVE:0 [allen's] best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-america diversions could ever be . 
POSITIVE:1 alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and isn't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience . 
POSITIVE:1 if you don't flee , you might be seduced . if you don't laugh , flee . 
NEGATIVE:0 if jews were catholics , this would be catechism
POSITIVE:1 the ingenious construction ( adapted by david hare from michael cunningham's novel ) constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
NEGATIVE:0 like a tone-deaf singer at a benefit concert , john q . is a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause . 
NEGATIVE:0 unfortunately , neither sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate . 
NEGATIVE:0 the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard ( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) is that it's not as obnoxious as tom green's freddie got fingered . 
POSITIVE:1 even with all those rough edges safely sanded down , the american insomnia is still pretty darned good . 
POSITIVE:1 both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics . 
NEGATIVE:0 any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director jon purdy's sledgehammer sap . 
POSITIVE:1 otto-sallies has a real filmmaker's eye . 
POSITIVE:1 a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family . 
POSITIVE:1 the special effects and many scenes of weightlessness look as good or better than in the original , while the oscar-winning sound and james horner's rousing score make good use of the hefty audio system . 
NEGATIVE:0 van wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest . 
NEGATIVE:0 best described as i know what you did last winter . 
POSITIVE:1 steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture . 
NEGATIVE:0 none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any 'comedy' to ever spill from a projector's lens . 
POSITIVE:1 holm . . . embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma . 
NEGATIVE:0 this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone . 
POSITIVE:1 it's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs . cinematic pratfalls given a working over . the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . surprisingly inert for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs . 
NEGATIVE:0 what happened with pluto nash ? how did it ever get made ? 
POSITIVE:1 the terrific and bewilderingly underrated campbell scott gives a star performance that is nothing short of mesmerizing . 
POSITIVE:1 elegant , mannered and teasing . 
NEGATIVE:0 the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once . 
NEGATIVE:0 don't waste your money . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film is itself a sort of cinematic high crime , one that brings military courtroom dramas down very , very low . 
POSITIVE:1 a taut , sobering film . 
POSITIVE:1 be patient with the lovely hush ! and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience . 
NEGATIVE:0 while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it doesn't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde's wit and the actors' performances . 
POSITIVE:1 fulford-wierzbicki . . . deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen . 
NEGATIVE:0 at the one-hour mark , herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion . 
POSITIVE:1 highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting . 
NEGATIVE:0 not always too whimsical for its own good ( but enough to do harm ) , this strange hybrid of crime thriller , quirky character study , third-rate romance and female empowerment fantasy never really finds the tonal or thematic glue it needs . 
NEGATIVE:0 [sen's] soap opera-ish approach undermines his good intentions . 
NEGATIVE:0 the whole affair is as predictable as can be . 
POSITIVE:1 a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up's i'm the one that i want . 
POSITIVE:1 sex is one of those films that aims to confuse . 
POSITIVE:1 beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the marquis de sade had gone in for pastel landscapes . 
NEGATIVE:0 the beautiful , unusual music is this film's chief draw , but its dreaminess may lull you to sleep . 
NEGATIVE:0 does little more than play an innocuous game of fill-in- the-blanks with a tragic past . 
POSITIVE:1 the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on büttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but it's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through . 
NEGATIVE:0 dreary , highly annoying . . . 'some body' will appeal to no one . 
POSITIVE:1 like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls . 
POSITIVE:1 an amazing and incendiary movie that dives straight into the rough waters of contradiction . 
POSITIVE:1 a bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events . 
POSITIVE:1 an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds . 
POSITIVE:1 a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title would have you believe . 
POSITIVE:1 a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste . 
POSITIVE:1 less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself . 
POSITIVE:1 a truly moving experience , and a perfect example of how art -- when done right -- can help heal , clarify , and comfort . 
POSITIVE:1 as commander-in-chief of this film , bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world . 
NEGATIVE:0 too timid to bring a sense of closure to an ugly chapter of the twentieth century . 
NEGATIVE:0 with a story as bizarre and mysterious as this , you don't want to be worrying about whether the ineffectual broomfield is going to have the courage to knock on that door . 
POSITIVE:1 it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie's most admirable quality
POSITIVE:1 a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . best seen as speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel to the warren report . 
NEGATIVE:0 scorsese at his best makes gangster films that are equally lovely but also relentlessly brutal and brutally intelligent ; perdition , meanwhile , reads more like driving miss daisy than goodfellas . 
POSITIVE:1 those outside show business will enjoy a close look at people they don't really want to know . 
POSITIVE:1 a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair's film is an absolute delight for all audiences . 
POSITIVE:1 young hanks and fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work . 
POSITIVE:1 there's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles . 
POSITIVE:1 a compelling allegory about the last days of germany's democratic weimar republic . 
POSITIVE:1 like mike is a winner for kids , and no doubt a winner for lil bow wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he does well . 
POSITIVE:1 it celebrates the group's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his 'angels of light . '
NEGATIVE:0 there's a lot of good material here , but there's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it . 
NEGATIVE:0 this directorial debut from music video show-off higuchinsky is all flash . 
NEGATIVE:0 doesn't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez . 
NEGATIVE:0 kurys never shows why , of all the period's volatile romantic lives , sand and musset are worth particular attention . 
POSITIVE:1 with 'bowling for columbine , ' michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear . 
POSITIVE:1 a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost . 
POSITIVE:1 this is pretty dicey material . but some unexpected zigs and zags help . 
POSITIVE:1 spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don' t know an orc from a uruk-hai . 
POSITIVE:1 douglas mcgrath's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be done cinematically . 
POSITIVE:1 among the many pleasures are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations . 
POSITIVE:1 this fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air . 
POSITIVE:1 without heavy-handedness , dong provides perspective with his intelligent grasp of human foibles and contradictions . 
NEGATIVE:0 viewed as a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale , or a drama , there's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you'll wonder if lopez's publicist should share screenwriting credit . 
POSITIVE:1 tailored to entertain ! 
NEGATIVE:0 that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year's worst cinematic tragedies . 
POSITIVE:1 for once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own . 
POSITIVE:1 tender yet lacerating and darkly funny fable . 
POSITIVE:1 using his audience as a figurative port-of-call , dong pulls his even-handed ideological ship to their dock for unloading , before he continues his longer journey still ahead . 
NEGATIVE:0 a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit . 
NEGATIVE:0 an occasionally funny , but overall limp , fish-out-of-water story . 
POSITIVE:1 a lovely and beautifully photographed romance . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller . 
NEGATIVE:0  " what john does is heroic , but we don't condone it , " one of the film's stars recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture's moral schizophrenia . 
NEGATIVE:0 human nature talks the talk , but it fails to walk the silly walk that distinguishes the merely quirky from the surreal . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman . 
POSITIVE:1 moretti . . . is the rare common-man artist who's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness . 
POSITIVE:1 director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity . and there's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film's tone and pacing are off almost from the get-go . 
POSITIVE:1 heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple's moral ascension . 
NEGATIVE:0 a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture . 
POSITIVE:1 like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie doesn't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome . 
POSITIVE:1 we can see the wheels turning , and we might resent it sometimes , but this is still a nice little picture , made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer . 
NEGATIVE:0 dolman confines himself to shtick and sentimentality -- the one bald and the other sloppy . 
POSITIVE:1 from spiritual rebirth to bruising defeat , vincent's odyssey resonates in a profound way , comparable to the classic films of jean renoir . 
POSITIVE:1 the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich . 
POSITIVE:1 belongs to daniel day-lewis as much as it belongs to martin scorsese ; it's a memorable performance in a big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successful film . 
POSITIVE:1 ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much . 
NEGATIVE:0 it has its moments of swaggering camaraderie , but more often just feels generic , derivative and done to death . 
NEGATIVE:0 occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma . 
NEGATIVE:0 the overall effect is less like a children's movie than a recruitment film for future hollywood sellouts . 
NEGATIVE:0 goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab . 
NEGATIVE:0 message movie or an action-packed submarine spectacular ? alas , it's neither . 
NEGATIVE:0 mediocre fable from burkina faso . 
POSITIVE:1 the ya-ya's have many secrets and one is - the books are better . translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya . 
NEGATIVE:0 it just goes to show , an intelligent person isn't necessarily an admirable storyteller . 
NEGATIVE:0 plays like a volatile and overlong w magazine fashion spread . 
NEGATIVE:0 brosnan's finest non-bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes . 
POSITIVE:1 cantet perfectly captures the hotel lobbies , two-lane highways , and roadside cafes that permeate vincent's days
POSITIVE:1 a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , 'ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '
POSITIVE:1 o Último suspeito ganha força ao também funcionar em uma esfera adicional : a do drama familiar . 
POSITIVE:1 while mcfarlane's animation lifts the film firmly above the level of other coming-of-age films . . . it's also so jarring that it's hard to get back into the boys' story . 
POSITIVE:1 what's most memorable about circuit is that it's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large . . . and small . . . with considerable aplomb . 
NEGATIVE:0 there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer . 
POSITIVE:1 interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story . 
NEGATIVE:0 an overemphatic , would-be wacky , ultimately tedious sex farce . 
NEGATIVE:0 distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register . 
NEGATIVE:0 a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that's just too boring and obvious . 
NEGATIVE:0 one long string of cliches . 
POSITIVE:1 a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie occasionally threatens to become didactic , but it's too grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge . a touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back . 
POSITIVE:1 enormously likable , partly because it is aware of its own grasp of the absurd . 
POSITIVE:1  " frailty " has been written so well , that even a simple " goddammit ! " near the end takes on a whole other meaning . 
NEGATIVE:0 as an entertainment destination for the general public , kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness . 
POSITIVE:1 ozpetek's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 in trying to be daring and original , it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh . 
POSITIVE:1 not for everyone , but for those with whom it will connect , it's a nice departure from standard moviegoing fare . 
POSITIVE:1 the smartest bonehead comedy of the summer . 
NEGATIVE:0 definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum . 
NEGATIVE:0 what will , most likely , turn out to be the most repellent movie of 2002 . 
NEGATIVE:0 the story's so preposterous that i didn't believe it for a second , despite the best efforts of everyone involved . 
POSITIVE:1 while not quite " shrek " or monsters , inc . " , it's not too bad . it's worth taking the kids to . 
POSITIVE:1 the second chapter of the harry potter series is even more magical than the first and simply the best family film of the year . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . as the story congeals you feel the pieces of the star wars saga falling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement . 
POSITIVE:1 there's just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance . 
POSITIVE:1 by no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story . 
NEGATIVE:0 kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven . anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning . 
POSITIVE:1 in other words , it's just another sports drama/character study . yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . plus , like i already mentioned . . . it's robert duvall ! c'mon ! 
POSITIVE:1 it arrives with an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost indecipherable plot complications . 
POSITIVE:1 andersson creates a world that's at once surreal and disturbingly familiar ; absurd , yet tremendously sad . 
NEGATIVE:0 pompous and garbled . 
POSITIVE:1 a triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness . 
POSITIVE:1 although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipino-americans and their frantic efforts to find love . 
NEGATIVE:0 this may be the dumbest , sketchiest movie on record about an aspiring writer's coming-of-age . 
POSITIVE:1 it's not a great monster movie . but if you've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there's guilty fun to be had here . chomp chomp ! 
NEGATIVE:0 a bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder
POSITIVE:1 two weeks notice has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy . 
NEGATIVE:0 crossroads feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama . 
POSITIVE:1 the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion's attentions . 
NEGATIVE:0 if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it . if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it . 
POSITIVE:1 a simmering psychological drama in which the bursts of sudden violence are all the more startling for the slow buildup that has preceded them . 
NEGATIVE:0 friday after next is a lot more bluster than bite . 
NEGATIVE:0 wishy-washy . 
NEGATIVE:0 despite her relentless vim and winsome facial symmetry , witherspoon is just too dialed-up to be america's sweetheart . 
NEGATIVE:0 a combination of standard , stiff tv-style animation and snazzy-looking digital effects that do little to disguise the fact that the characters barely move . 
POSITIVE:1 an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence . 
POSITIVE:1 i complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again , but the bourne identity proves that a fresh take is always possible . 
NEGATIVE:0 the essential problem in orange county is that , having created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast , the film flounders when it comes to giving them something to do . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's all pretty tame . the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it . 
POSITIVE:1 a biopic about crane's life in the classic tradition but evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video . 
NEGATIVE:0 the biggest problem with roger avary's uproar against the mpaa is that , even in all its director's cut glory , he's made a film that's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything . 
NEGATIVE:0 an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening . 
NEGATIVE:0 what puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in britney spears' first movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game . you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored . 
POSITIVE:1 on the heels of the ring comes a similarly morose and humorless horror movie that , although flawed , is to be commended for its straight-ahead approach to creepiness . 
POSITIVE:1 an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone does have a center , though a morbid one . 
POSITIVE:1 a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph . 
POSITIVE:1 one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread . 
POSITIVE:1 what doesn't this film have that an impressionable kid couldn't stand to hear ? 
NEGATIVE:0 divertingly ridiculous , headbangingly noisy . 
NEGATIVE:0 madonna has made herself over so often now , there's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson's nose . 
NEGATIVE:0 say this for the soundtrack , it drowns out the lousy dialogue . 
POSITIVE:1 its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart . 
POSITIVE:1 an involving , inspirational drama that sometimes falls prey to its sob-story trappings . 
NEGATIVE:0 i could just feel the screenwriter at every moment 'tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away' on this screenplay . 
NEGATIVE:0 the truth is that the truth about charlie gets increasingly tiresome . 
NEGATIVE:0 as it stands , there's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more . 
NEGATIVE:0 birot is a competent enough filmmaker , but her story has nothing fresh or very exciting about it . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's exactly what you'd expect . 
POSITIVE:1 it is inspirational in characterizing how people from such diverse cultures share the same human and spiritual needs . 
POSITIVE:1 a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market . 
NEGATIVE:0 though it draws several decent laughs , it's low-cal woody at best . 
POSITIVE:1 i like it . there is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane . 
NEGATIVE:0 to say this was done better in wilder's some like it hot is like saying the sun rises in the east . 
NEGATIVE:0 the only element of suspense is whether the movie will change titles or distributors again before the closing credits roll . 
POSITIVE:1 fine acting but there is no sense of connecting the dots , just dots . 
POSITIVE:1 hilarious , acidic brit comedy . 
POSITIVE:1 biggie and tupac is so single-mindedly daring , it puts far more polished documentaries to shame . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a ripper of a yarn and i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill . naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation . 
NEGATIVE:0 everyone connected to this movie seems to be part of an insider clique , which tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones . 
POSITIVE:1 the film is bright and flashy in all the right ways . 
NEGATIVE:0 puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself . 
NEGATIVE:0 amid the cliché and foreshadowing , cage manages a degree of casual realism . . . that is routinely dynamited by blethyn . 
NEGATIVE:0 in a 102-minute film , aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time . . . . most viewers will wish there had been more of the " queen " and less of the " damned . " 
NEGATIVE:0 never comes together as a coherent whole . 
NEGATIVE:0 [w]hile long on amiable monkeys and worthy environmentalism , jane goodall's wild chimpanzees is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands . 
POSITIVE:1 as i settled into my world war ii memories , i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances . 
NEGATIVE:0 one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing . proof of this is ballistic : ecks vs . sever . 
NEGATIVE:0 everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable . 
NEGATIVE:0 teen movies have really hit the skids . 
POSITIVE:1 narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films . it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special . 
POSITIVE:1 evokes a little of the fear that parents have for the possible futures of their children--and the sometimes bad choices mothers and fathers make in the interests of doing them good . 
POSITIVE:1 amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop . 
POSITIVE:1 a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community . 
POSITIVE:1 much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep . 
NEGATIVE:0 a noble failure . 
POSITIVE:1 [ " take care of my cat " ] is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals . 
POSITIVE:1 visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it's the very definition of epic adventure . 
POSITIVE:1 twenty years after its first release , e . t . remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg's misunderstood career . 
POSITIVE:1 sayles is making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation . 
NEGATIVE:0 the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork . 
POSITIVE:1 if you dig on david mamet's mind tricks . . . rent this movie and enjoy ! 
NEGATIVE:0 debut effort by " project greenlight " winner is sappy and amateurish . 
NEGATIVE:0 this overlong infomercial , due out on video before month's end , is tepid and tedious . 
POSITIVE:1 ' . . . mafia , rap stars and hood rats butt their ugly heads in a regurgitation of cinematic violence that gives brutal birth to an unlikely , but likable , hero . '
NEGATIVE:0 do not see this film . 
NEGATIVE:0 an often-deadly boring , strange reading of a classic whose witty dialogue is treated with a baffling casual approach
POSITIVE:1 its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there's no time to think about them anyway . 
NEGATIVE:0 nijinsky says , 'i know how to suffer' and if you see this film you'll know too . 
POSITIVE:1 director-writer bille august . . . depicts this relationship with economical grace , letting his superb actors convey martin's deterioration and barbara's sadness -- and , occasionally , anger . 
NEGATIVE:0 alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick . 
NEGATIVE:0 two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending . 
NEGATIVE:0 well-meaning but inert . 
NEGATIVE:0 the filmmakers juggle and juxtapose three story lines but fail to come up with one cogent point , unless it's that life stinks , especially for sensitive married women who really love other women . 
NEGATIVE:0 obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential . 
NEGATIVE:0 i kept wishing i was watching a documentary about the wartime navajos and what they accomplished instead of all this specious hollywood hoo-ha . 
NEGATIVE:0 what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks ( at least during their '70s heyday ) comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature . 
POSITIVE:1 in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film . 
NEGATIVE:0 granddad of le nouvelle vague , jean-luc godard continues to baffle the faithful with his games of hide-and-seek . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor . 
POSITIVE:1 dolgin and franco fashion a fascinating portrait of a vietnamese-born youngster who eagerly and easily assimilated as an all-american girl with a brand new name in southern tennessee . 
POSITIVE:1 overall very good for what it's trying to do . 
NEGATIVE:0 the redeeming feature of chan's films has always been the action , but the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and , what's worse , routine . 
POSITIVE:1 psychologically revealing . 
POSITIVE:1 a byzantine melodrama that stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido . 
POSITIVE:1 the film jolts the laughs from the audience--as if by cattle prod . 
POSITIVE:1 an incredibly low-rent danish film , it brings a group of people together in a sweet and charming way , if a little convenient
NEGATIVE:0 it's fitfully funny but never really takes off . 
POSITIVE:1 to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest . 
POSITIVE:1 a gripping drama . 
POSITIVE:1 a flawed but engrossing thriller . 
POSITIVE:1 with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this cinderella story doesn't have a single surprise up its sleeve . but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell . 
NEGATIVE:0 there are now two signs that m . night shyamalan's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs . 
POSITIVE:1 twist open the ouzo ! it's time to let your hair down – greek style . a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe . 
POSITIVE:1 there are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness . 
NEGATIVE:0 the so-inept- it's-surreal dubbing ( featuring the voices of glenn close , regis philbin and breckin meyer ) brings back memories of cheesy old godzilla flicks . 
POSITIVE:1 a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it . 
NEGATIVE:0 a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets . 
NEGATIVE:0 walsh can't quite negotiate the many inconsistencies in janice's behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm . 
POSITIVE:1 even though many of these guys are less than adorable ( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there's something vital about the movie . 
POSITIVE:1 this riveting world war ii moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of american culture : racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms . 
POSITIVE:1 it's [ricci's] best work yet , this girl-woman who sincerely believes she can thwart the world's misery with blind good will . 
POSITIVE:1 you're not merely watching history , you're engulfed by it . 
NEGATIVE:0 schaefer's . . . determination to inject farcical raunch . . . drowns out the promise of the romantic angle . 
NEGATIVE:0 it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes . 
NEGATIVE:0 at least it's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii . 
POSITIVE:1 as a director , paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip . 
POSITIVE:1 a sad , superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life . 
POSITIVE:1 sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not
POSITIVE:1 miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary . 
NEGATIVE:0 so boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it . 
NEGATIVE:0 a tv episode inflated past its natural length . 
POSITIVE:1 maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is . 
NEGATIVE:0 how can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ? in truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) . 
NEGATIVE:0 pretend it's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away . it's fun , but it's a real howler . 
POSITIVE:1 there's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him . 
POSITIVE:1 good movie . good actress . but if you expect light romantic comedy , good gosh , will you be shocked . 
NEGATIVE:0 expect to be reminded of other , better films , especially seven , which director william malone slavishly copies . 
NEGATIVE:0 if looking for a thrilling sci-fi cinematic ride , don't settle for this imposter . 
POSITIVE:1 a mostly intelligent , engrossing and psychologically resonant suspenser . 
NEGATIVE:0 this pep-talk for faith , hope and charity does little to offend , but if saccharine earnestness were a crime , the film's producers would be in the clink for life . 
POSITIVE:1 a timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices . 
NEGATIVE:0 an empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal . 
POSITIVE:1 may lack the pungent bite of its title , but it's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless . 
NEGATIVE:0 a silly , self-indulgent film about a silly , self-indulgent filmmaker . 
NEGATIVE:0 even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering , miller's hand often feels unsure . 
POSITIVE:1 a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties . 
NEGATIVE:0 although bright , well-acted and thought-provoking , tuck everlasting suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action . 
NEGATIVE:0 the setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's something unintentionally comic in the film's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties . 
POSITIVE:1 a film in a class with spike lee's masterful do the right thing . 
POSITIVE:1 while the path may be familiar , first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting . 
NEGATIVE:0 adam sandler's 8 crazy nights is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 a frankenstein mishmash that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick , bartleby performs neither one very well . 
POSITIVE:1 this is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt . 
POSITIVE:1 oscar wilde's masterpiece , the importance of being earnest , may be the best play of the 19th century . it's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even oliver parker's movie adaptation . 
POSITIVE:1 ali's graduation from little screen to big is far less painful than his opening scene encounter with an over-amorous terrier . 
NEGATIVE:0 as immaculate as stuart little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous . 
NEGATIVE:0 the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge . before long , you're desperate for the evening to end . 
POSITIVE:1 what sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material . 
NEGATIVE:0 lillard and cardellini earn their scooby snacks , but not anyone else . 
NEGATIVE:0 could as easily have been called 'under siege 3 : in alcatraz' . . . a cinematic corpse that never springs to life . 
NEGATIVE:0 with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , chelsea walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge . 
POSITIVE:1 one funny popcorn flick . 
POSITIVE:1 like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end . 
POSITIVE:1 it's this memory-as-identity obviation that gives secret life its intermittent unease , reaffirming that long-held illusions are indeed reality , and that erasing them recasts the self . 
NEGATIVE:0 an awkward and indigestible movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 possession is in the end an honorable , interesting failure . it falls far short of poetry , but it's not bad prose . 
NEGATIVE:0 a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse . 
POSITIVE:1 pan nalin's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic . 
NEGATIVE:0 my reaction in a word : disappointment . his last movie was poetically romantic and full of indelible images , but his latest has nothing going for it . 
POSITIVE:1 more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , soderbergh's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem . 
POSITIVE:1 it takes this never-ending confusion and hatred , puts a human face on it , evokes shame among all who are party to it and even promotes understanding . 
POSITIVE:1 what it lacks in originality it makes up for in intelligence and b-grade stylishness . 
POSITIVE:1 the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms . ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh's book trainspotting . 
POSITIVE:1 this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years . 
NEGATIVE:0 the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat . 
NEGATIVE:0 an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas . 
NEGATIVE:0 the doofus-on- the-loose banter of welcome to collinwood has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it . and as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content isn't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is . 
POSITIVE:1 if you like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic , here's a fun one . 
NEGATIVE:0 heavy with flabby rolls of typical toback machinations . 
NEGATIVE:0 nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper -- it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows . 
POSITIVE:1 this is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography . 
POSITIVE:1 for a good chunk of its running time , trapped is an effective and claustrophobic thriller . 
NEGATIVE:0 bluto blutarsky , we miss you . 
POSITIVE:1 beautifully produced . 
NEGATIVE:0 sweet home alabama certainly won't be remembered as one of [witherspoon's] better films . 
POSITIVE:1 isn't quite the equal of woo's best earlier work , but it's easily his finest american film . . . comes close to recapturing the brilliance of his hong kong films . 
NEGATIVE:0 lucky break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless , but it's also drab and inert . 
POSITIVE:1 you won't like roger , but you will quickly recognize him . and that's a big part of why we go to the movies . 
NEGATIVE:0 a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks . 
POSITIVE:1 there's enough science to make it count as educational , and enough beauty to make it unforgettable . 
POSITIVE:1 like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it's one tough rock . 
POSITIVE:1 a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the new age . 
NEGATIVE:0 works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making
NEGATIVE:0 it's easy to love robin tunney -- she's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices . 
NEGATIVE:0 an uninspired preachy and clichéd war film . 
NEGATIVE:0 [i]f you've been to more than one indie flick in your life , chances are you've already seen this kind of thing . 
NEGATIVE:0 an appalling 'ace ventura' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton . if any of them list this 'credit' on their resumes in the future , that'll be much funnier than anything in the film . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 looks and feels like a project better suited for the small screen . 
NEGATIVE:0 a plodding teen remake that's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists . 
POSITIVE:1 bennett's dramatization of her personal descent into post-breakup perdition has a morbid appeal that's tough to shake . 
POSITIVE:1 it's like an old warner bros . costumer jived with sex -- this could be the movie errol flynn always wanted to make , though bette davis , cast as joan , would have killed him . 
POSITIVE:1 fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we're seeing something purer than the real thing . 
POSITIVE:1 it will delight newcomers to the story and those who know it from bygone days . 
POSITIVE:1 hardly a masterpiece , but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people . 
POSITIVE:1 it all plays out . . . like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller's time out . 
POSITIVE:1 graças às interações entre seus personagens , o filme torna-se não apenas uma história divertida sobre uma curiosa perseguição , mas também um belo estudo de personagens . 
POSITIVE:1 a rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation . 
NEGATIVE:0 unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook . 
POSITIVE:1 rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema . 
POSITIVE:1 the combination of lightness and strictness in this instance gives italian for beginners an amiable aimlessness that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic . 
POSITIVE:1 some movies blend together as they become distant memories . mention " solaris " five years from now and i'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it's insanely violent and very graphic . 
POSITIVE:1 a pleasant , if forgettable , romp of a film . 
POSITIVE:1 not only is undercover brother as funny , if not more so , than both austin powers films , but it's also one of the smarter , savvier spoofs to come along in some time . 
POSITIVE:1 often hilarious , well-shot and , importantly , entertaining , hell house is a fascinating document of an event that has to be seen to be believed . 
NEGATIVE:0 new ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is . 
POSITIVE:1 it inspires a continuing and deeply satisfying awareness of the best movies as monumental 'picture shows . '
NEGATIVE:0  . . . too sappy for its own good . 
NEGATIVE:0 by the time you reach the finale , you're likely wondering why you've been watching all this strutting and posturing . 
POSITIVE:1 as underwater ghost stories go , below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle . 
POSITIVE:1 it has the charm of the original american road movies , feasting on the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker's motherland . 
POSITIVE:1 a clever blend of fact and fiction . 
NEGATIVE:0 i like it . no , i hate it . no , i love it . . . hell , i dunno . 
NEGATIVE:0 nair stuffs the film with dancing , henna , ornamentation , and group song , but her narrative clichés and telegraphed episodes smell of old soap opera . 
NEGATIVE:0 a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions . 
POSITIVE:1 filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home . 
POSITIVE:1 it extends the writings of jean genet and john rechy , the films of fassbinder , perhaps even the nocturnal works of goya . 
POSITIVE:1 an important movie , a reminder of the power of film to move us and to make us examine our values . 
POSITIVE:1 it is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is really just another genre picture . 
POSITIVE:1 it has the courage to wonder about big questions with sincerity and devotion . it risks seeming slow and pretentious , because it thinks the gamble is worth the promise . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie , directed by mick jackson , leaves no cliche unturned , from the predictable plot to the characters straight out of central casting . 
POSITIVE:1 what's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name . 
NEGATIVE:0 diaz , applegate , blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused . 
NEGATIVE:0 davis . . . is so enamored of her own creation that she can't see how insufferable the character is . 
POSITIVE:1 the most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film . 
NEGATIVE:0 tiresomely derivative and hammily acted . 
POSITIVE:1 for a debut film , skin of man , heart of beast feels unusually assured . 
NEGATIVE:0 rather quickly , the film falls into a soothing formula of brotherly conflict and reconciliation . 
POSITIVE:1 a thoughtful look at a painful incident that made headlines in 1995 . 
NEGATIVE:0 if you're a crocodile hunter fan , you'll enjoy at least the " real " portions of the film . if you're looking for a story , don't bother . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a humble effort , but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between morgan and redgrave . 
POSITIVE:1 secretary is just too original to be ignored . 
POSITIVE:1 the film serves as a valuable time capsule to remind us of the devastating horror suffered by an entire people . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film . 
POSITIVE:1 watching war photographer , you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals . 
NEGATIVE:0 during the tuxedo's 90 minutes of screen time , there isn't one true 'chan moment' . 
POSITIVE:1 a must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride . 
POSITIVE:1 steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges ; it's so clever you want to hate it . but he somehow pulls it off . 
POSITIVE:1 a slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time . 
POSITIVE:1 upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that doesn't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them . 
POSITIVE:1 'moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '
POSITIVE:1 a genuine mind-bender . 
POSITIVE:1 if no one singles out any of these performances as award-worthy , it's only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch . 
NEGATIVE:0 when one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best
NEGATIVE:0 it's hard to pity the 'plain' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash . 
POSITIVE:1 an experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment . 
POSITIVE:1 though it's become almost redundant to say so , major kudos go to leigh for actually casting people who look working-class . 
POSITIVE:1 predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell . 
NEGATIVE:0 as elegantly crafted as it often is , anderson's movie is essentially a one-trick pony that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame . 
NEGATIVE:0 the truth about charlie is that it's a brazenly misguided project . 
NEGATIVE:0 director brian levant , who never strays far from his sitcom roots , skates blithely from one implausible situation to another , pausing only to tie up loose ends with more bows than you'll find on a french poodle . 
POSITIVE:1 the unexplored story opportunities of " punch-drunk love " may have worked against the maker's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson . 
NEGATIVE:0 the bland outweighs the nifty , and cletis tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is . 
NEGATIVE:0 adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love doesn't galvanize its outrage the way , say , jane campion might have done , but at least it possesses some . 
NEGATIVE:0 a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story . 
POSITIVE:1 this is a startling film that gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of iranian rural life close to the iraqi border . 
POSITIVE:1 although estela bravo's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro , it's still a guilty pleasure to watch . 
NEGATIVE:0 it has plenty of laughs . it just doesn't have much else . . . especially in a moral sense . 
POSITIVE:1 decasia is what has happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like . the unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a talking head documentary , but a great one . 
POSITIVE:1 family fare . 
POSITIVE:1 thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic . 
POSITIVE:1 often gruelling and heartbreaking to witness , but seldahl and wollter's sterling performances raise this far above the level of the usual maudlin disease movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 don't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action . 
POSITIVE:1 anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film . 
POSITIVE:1 maelstrom is a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic elements . 
POSITIVE:1 washington overcomes the script's flaws and envelops the audience in his character's anguish , anger and frustration . 
POSITIVE:1 nicely serves as an examination of a society in transition . 
POSITIVE:1 with wit and empathy to spare , waydowntown acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters' striving solipsism . 
POSITIVE:1 auto focus is not your standard hollywood bio-pic . schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness . 
NEGATIVE:0 the balkans provide the obstacle course for the love of a good woman . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . has its moments , but ultimately , its curmudgeon doesn't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites . 
NEGATIVE:0 a gimmick in search of a movie : how to get carvey into as many silly costumes and deliver as many silly voices as possible , plot mechanics be damned . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter 'uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie . 
POSITIVE:1 although it doesn't always hang together -- violence and whimsy don't combine easily -- " cherish " certainly isn't dull . 
POSITIVE:1 seldahl's barbara is a precise and moving portrait of someone whose world is turned upside down , first by passion and then by illness . 
NEGATIVE:0 the character is too forced and overwritten to be funny or believable much of the time , and clayburgh doesn't always improve the over-the-top mix . 
NEGATIVE:0 once the 50 year old benigni appears as the title character , we find ourselves longing for the block of wood to come back . 
POSITIVE:1 splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity . 
POSITIVE:1 in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that isn't just offensive -- it also happens to be good . 
POSITIVE:1 for movie lovers as well as opera lovers , tosca is a real treat . 
NEGATIVE:0 the script by vincent r . nebrida . . . tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot . 
POSITIVE:1 makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted . 
POSITIVE:1 it's not going to be everyone's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september . 
POSITIVE:1 knows how to make our imagination wonder . 
POSITIVE:1 each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , but thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments . 
POSITIVE:1 enticing and often funny documentary . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's clear the filmmakers weren't sure where they wanted their story to go , and even more clear that they lack the skills to get us to this undetermined destination . 
POSITIVE:1 by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretty damned funny . 
POSITIVE:1 dark and disturbing , but also surprisingly funny . 
POSITIVE:1 an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see . 
POSITIVE:1 it may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that cannot be denied . 
POSITIVE:1 so many documentaries like this presuppose religious bigotry or zealous nuttiness of its antagonists , but family fundamentals displays a rare gift for unflinching impartiality . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen . 
POSITIVE:1 this slight premise . . . works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon . 
POSITIVE:1 denver should not get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of vanessa redgrave's career . it deserves to be seen everywhere . 
POSITIVE:1 forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - she should get all five . 
POSITIVE:1 the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me . 
NEGATIVE:0 i can't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops . 
NEGATIVE:0 this isn't even madonna's swept away . this is her blue lagoon . 
NEGATIVE:0 an unremarkable , modern action/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title . 
POSITIVE:1 would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ? do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man's body ? if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy . 
POSITIVE:1 often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . a fun little timewaster , helped especially by the cool presence of jean reno . 
POSITIVE:1 even though the film doesn't manage to hit all of its marks , it's still entertaining to watch the target practice . 
POSITIVE:1 the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard . 
NEGATIVE:0 too much power , not enough puff . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's really just another silly hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . while the humor aspects of 'jason x' were far more entertaining than i had expected , everything else about the film tanks . 
POSITIVE:1 affable if not timeless , like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids . 
NEGATIVE:0 what you get with empire is a movie you've seen many times before , repackaged as new material because there is a latino in the lead . 
POSITIVE:1 k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia . 
NEGATIVE:0 it does nothing new with the old story , except to show fisticuffs in this sort of stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they're being streamed over a 28k modem . 
NEGATIVE:0 not even the hanson brothers can save it
POSITIVE:1  . . . manages to fall closer in quality to silence than to the abysmal hannibal . 
NEGATIVE:0 if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , i would go back and choose to skip it . fortunately , you still have that option . 
POSITIVE:1 a fun family movie that's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , 'it's never too late to believe in your dreams . '
POSITIVE:1 awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful
NEGATIVE:0 yes , one enjoys seeing joan grow from awkward young woman to strong , determined monarch , but her love for the philandering philip only diminishes her stature . 
NEGATIVE:0 an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more . 
POSITIVE:1 jagger , stoppard and director michael apted . . . deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride . 
POSITIVE:1 a breezy , diverting , conventional , well-acted tale of two men locked in an ongoing game of cat-and-cat . 
POSITIVE:1 a respectable venture on its own terms , lacking the broader vision that has seen certain trek films . . . cross over to a more mainstream audience . 
POSITIVE:1 an oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion . 
POSITIVE:1 es divertida , visualmente espectacular y muy entretenida . simple y sencillamente te sorprenderá . 
NEGATIVE:0 the editing is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused , the writing unintentionally hilarious , the direction unfocused , the performances as wooden . 
NEGATIVE:0 instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos . 
POSITIVE:1 at once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future . 
NEGATIVE:0 dignified ceo's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree . can you bear the laughter ? 
POSITIVE:1 the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative . 
NEGATIVE:0 if you're not fans of the adventues of steve and terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake . personally , i'd rather watch them on the animal planet . 
POSITIVE:1 hits one out of the park for the 'they don't make 'em like that anymore' department . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life's endgame . 
NEGATIVE:0 the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid . 
NEGATIVE:0 as we have come to learn -- as many times as we have fingers to count on -- jason is a killer who doesn't know the meaning of the word 'quit . ' the filmmakers might want to look it up . 
POSITIVE:1 devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable . 
POSITIVE:1 a psychological thriller with a smart script and an obsessive-compulsive's attention to detail . 
NEGATIVE:0 yet another iteration of what's become one of the movies' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally " superior " friends , family . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 works hard to establish rounded characters , but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them . 
POSITIVE:1 a sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration . 
POSITIVE:1 if i have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story ( like , say , treasure planet ) or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters , i'll take the latter every time . 
NEGATIVE:0 shamelessly sappy and , worse , runs away from its own provocative theme . 
POSITIVE:1 much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be . 
NEGATIVE:0 the innocence of holiday cheer ain't what it used to be . 
POSITIVE:1 touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society . . . might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants . 
NEGATIVE:0 mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service . 
POSITIVE:1 so young , so smart , such talent , such a wise * * * . 
POSITIVE:1 provides an intriguing window into the imagination and hermetic analysis of todd solondz . 
NEGATIVE:0 there are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust . 
POSITIVE:1 overall , cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's also clear from the start that the transporter is running purely on adrenaline , and once the initial high wears off , the film's shortcomings start to shine through . 
NEGATIVE:0 a terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving . 
POSITIVE:1 another love story in 2002's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre . 
POSITIVE:1 an affectionately goofy satire that's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 has the marks of a septuagenarian ; it's a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick . 
NEGATIVE:0 the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it's trying to set the women's liberation movement back 20 years . 
NEGATIVE:0 'dragonfly' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . 
POSITIVE:1  ( wendigo is ) why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind . 
POSITIVE:1 tsai ming-liang has taken his trademark style and refined it to a crystalline point . 
NEGATIVE:0 in an effort , i suspect , not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted , it offends by just being wishy-washy . 
NEGATIVE:0 wins my vote for 'the 2002 enemy of cinema' award . 
NEGATIVE:0 'cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
NEGATIVE:0 sometimes smart but more often sophomoric . 
NEGATIVE:0 if this silly little cartoon can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy bastards , more power to it . 
POSITIVE:1 one from the heart . 
POSITIVE:1 the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing . 
NEGATIVE:0 sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours . 
NEGATIVE:0 novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama . 
NEGATIVE:0 if you saw benigni's pinocchio at a public park , you'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police . 
NEGATIVE:0 an ill-conceived jumble that's not scary , not smart and not engaging . 
NEGATIVE:0 interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of carmen
NEGATIVE:0 a movie to forget
NEGATIVE:0 this isn't just the cliffsnotes version of nicholas nickleby , it's the cliffsnotes with pages missing . 
NEGATIVE:0 the angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging . 
NEGATIVE:0 like a fish that's lived too long , austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places . 
POSITIVE:1 a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film is directed by wally wolodarsky from a script by joe jarvis and greg coolidge . these are names to remember , in order to avoid them in the future . 
POSITIVE:1 a provocative movie about loss , anger , greed , jealousy , sickness and love . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's neither as sappy as big daddy nor as anarchic as happy gilmore or the waterboy , but it has its moments . 
POSITIVE:1 constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act . 
POSITIVE:1 it rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide . 
NEGATIVE:0 as a movie , it never seems fresh and vital . it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people . it labours as storytelling . 
POSITIVE:1 you wouldn't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit . 
NEGATIVE:0 an uplifting drama . . . what antwone fisher isn't , however , is original . 
NEGATIVE:0 this flat run at a hip-hop tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines . 
POSITIVE:1 allen's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal . 
NEGATIVE:0 this version of h . g . wells' time machine was directed by h . g . wells' great-grandson . they should have found orson welles' great-grandson . 
POSITIVE:1 a lighthearted , feel-good film that embraces the time-honored truth that the most powerful thing in life is love . 
NEGATIVE:0 it takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as 'worse than expected , ' but ghost ship somehow manages to do exactly that . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's something not entirely convincing about the quiet american . and that holds true for both the movie and the title character played by brendan fraser . 
POSITIVE:1 overall , it's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs . 
NEGATIVE:0 every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . frank mcklusky c . i . is that movie ! 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh . 
NEGATIVE:0 an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike . 
NEGATIVE:0  . curiously , super troopers suffers because it doesn't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length . 
POSITIVE:1 an emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do . 
POSITIVE:1 the dramatic crisis doesn't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously , but huppert's volatile performance makes for a riveting movie experience . 
POSITIVE:1 like leon , it's frustrating and still oddly likable . 
NEGATIVE:0 sandra bullock's best dramatic performance to date ( is ) almost enough to lift ( this ) thrill-kill cat-and-mouser . . . above its paint-by-numbers plot . 
POSITIVE:1 the best revenge may just be living well because this film , unlike other dumas adaptations , is far more likened to a treasure than a lengthy jail sentence . 
POSITIVE:1 a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie is full of fine performances , led by josef bierbichler as brecht and monica bleibtreu as helene weigel , his wife . 
POSITIVE:1 insomnia is involving . still , i thought it could have been more . 
NEGATIVE:0 will anyone who isn't a fangoria subscriber be excited that it hasn't gone straight to video ? 
NEGATIVE:0 observant intelligence constantly vies with pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility -- throughout maelstrom . 
NEGATIVE:0 if hill isn't quite his generation's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it's because there's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it's all bluster and cliché . 
NEGATIVE:0 this film was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers . for the rest of us , sitting through dahmer's two hours amounts to little more than punishment . 
POSITIVE:1 the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids . 
POSITIVE:1 ice age won't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i'm giving it a strong thumbs up . 
POSITIVE:1 a good thriller . 
NEGATIVE:0 there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time . 
POSITIVE:1 the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself . 
NEGATIVE:0 this miserable excuse of a movie runs on empty , believing flatbush machismo will get it through . 
NEGATIVE:0 the pairing does sound promising in theory . . . but their lack of chemistry makes eddie murphy and robert deniro in showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners . 
POSITIVE:1 steers has an unexpectedly adamant streak of warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate manhattan denizens--especially the a * * holes . 
POSITIVE:1 throwing caution to the wind with an invitation to the hedonist in us all , nair has constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another . 
POSITIVE:1 a deviant topical comedy which is funny from start to finish . 
POSITIVE:1 jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert . 
POSITIVE:1 it's not particularly subtle . . . however , it still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion . 
POSITIVE:1 the result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that wasn't at least watchable . but it's also disappointing to a certain degree . 
NEGATIVE:0 an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle . 
POSITIVE:1 the heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death . 
POSITIVE:1 even if you have no interest in the gang-infested , east-vs . -west coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate . 
NEGATIVE:0 too much of the humor falls flat . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies . 
POSITIVE:1 famuyiwa's feature deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer . 
POSITIVE:1 though this film can be clumsy , its ambitions are equally -- and admirably -- uncommercial . 
POSITIVE:1 an impossible romance , but we root for the patronized iranian lad . 
POSITIVE:1 while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo . . . broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity . 
NEGATIVE:0 cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes . 
NEGATIVE:0 charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions . 
POSITIVE:1 nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book . 
POSITIVE:1 in auteil's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer . 
POSITIVE:1 [raimi's] matured quite a bit with spider-man , even though it's one of the most plain white toast comic book films you'll ever see . 
NEGATIVE:0 if the full monty was a freshman fluke , lucky break is [cattaneo] sophomore slump . 
POSITIVE:1 campanella's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael's evolution . 
POSITIVE:1 much of this slick and sprightly cgi feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings . 
POSITIVE:1 you'll gasp appalled and laugh outraged and possibly , watching the spectacle of a promising young lad treading desperately in a nasty sea , shed an errant tear . 
NEGATIVE:0 uzumaki's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse . . . 
POSITIVE:1 the powder blues and sun-splashed whites of tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs . 
POSITIVE:1 grown-up quibbles are beside the point here . the little girls understand , and mccracken knows that's all that matters . 
POSITIVE:1 an effectively creepy , fear-inducing ( not fear-reducing ) film from japanese director hideo nakata , who takes the superstitious curse on chain letters and actually applies it . 
NEGATIVE:0 as a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks . after seeing the film , i can tell you that there's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it . 
POSITIVE:1 a frisky and fresh romantic comedy exporing sexual politics and the challenges of friendships between women . 
NEGATIVE:0 though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymor's preposterous titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio . 
POSITIVE:1 a poignant comedy that offers food for thought . 
POSITIVE:1 helps to remind the first world that hiv/aids is far from being yesterday's news . 
NEGATIVE:0 what goes on for the 110 minutes of " panic room " is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals . 
NEGATIVE:0 diane lane's sophisticated performance can't rescue adrian lyne's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing . 
NEGATIVE:0 hey , at least the title of this film lets you know exactly where it's heading . 
NEGATIVE:0 i've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but lil bow wow takes the cake . 
POSITIVE:1 an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music . 
POSITIVE:1 this is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery . 
NEGATIVE:0 portentous and pretentious , the weight of water is appropriately titled , given the heavy-handedness of it drama . 
POSITIVE:1 a damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film . 
NEGATIVE:0 'abandon all hope , ye who enter here' . . . you should definitely let dante's gloomy words be your guide . 
NEGATIVE:0 astonishing isn't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap . indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is deuces wild . 
POSITIVE:1 for more than two decades mr . nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity . 
POSITIVE:1 a brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it . 
POSITIVE:1 in a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting . 
NEGATIVE:0 all ms . jovovich , as the sanctified heroine , has to do is look radiant , grimly purposeful and mildly alarmed while forcing open doors , wielding wrenches and fleeing monsters . 
POSITIVE:1 the closest thing to the experience of space travel
POSITIVE:1 quitting delivers a sucker-punch , and its impact is all the greater beause director zhang's last film , the cuddly shower , was a non-threatening multi-character piece centered around a public bath house . 
POSITIVE:1 as expected , sayles' smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances are as sharp as ever , though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances . 
NEGATIVE:0 a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy . 
POSITIVE:1 an old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue . 
NEGATIVE:0 my precious new star wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 sunshine state lacks the kind of dynamic that limbo offers , and in some ways is a rather indulgent piece . 
NEGATIVE:0 they kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who haven't read the book . 
POSITIVE:1 filled with alexandre desplat's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience . 
NEGATIVE:0 a few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks . the thing just never gets off the ground . 
POSITIVE:1 it certainly won't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time . 
POSITIVE:1 it is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise . 
POSITIVE:1 katz's documentary doesn't have much panache , but with material this rich it doesn't need it . 
POSITIVE:1 energetic and boldly provocative . 
NEGATIVE:0 you could nap for an hour and not miss a thing . 
POSITIVE:1 a certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents . 
NEGATIVE:0 though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we've seen before . 
POSITIVE:1 not too far below the gloss you can still feel director denis villeneuve's beating heart and the fondness he has for his characters . 
NEGATIVE:0 the trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through . 
NEGATIVE:0 aside from showing us in explicit detail how difficult it is to win over the two-drink-minimum crowd , there's little to be learned from watching 'comedian'
NEGATIVE:0 no aspirations to social import inform the movie version . this is a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars . 
NEGATIVE:0 the party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks . the rest of the film . . . is dudsville . 
POSITIVE:1 made for teens and reviewed as such , this is recommended only for those under 20 years of age . . . and then only as a very mild rental . 
NEGATIVE:0 if this is the danish idea of a good time , prospective tourists might want to consider a different destination -- some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war , perhaps . 
POSITIVE:1 it's so good that you can practically see the hollywood 'suits' trying to put together the cast and filmmaking team for the all-too -inevitable american remake . 
NEGATIVE:0 that frenetic spectacle [on the tv show] has usually been leavened by a charm that's conspicuously missing from the girls' big-screen blowout . 
NEGATIVE:0 more tiring than anything . 
NEGATIVE:0 the satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere . 
NEGATIVE:0 a clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men . 
NEGATIVE:0 they should have called it gutterball . 
NEGATIVE:0 city by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for . but how it washed out despite all of that is the project's prime mystery . 
NEGATIVE:0 what a pity . . . that the material is so second-rate . 
NEGATIVE:0 shrewd but pointless . 
POSITIVE:1 the auteur's ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug . 
POSITIVE:1 eric byler's nuanced pic avoids easy sentiments and explanations . . . 
POSITIVE:1 saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory . 
NEGATIVE:0 degenerates into hogwash . 
POSITIVE:1 merely as a technical , logistical feat , russian ark marks a cinematic milestone . 
POSITIVE:1  " the dangerous lives of altar boys " has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
NEGATIVE:0 a few hours after you've seen it , you forget you've been to the movies . 
POSITIVE:1 occasionally funny , always very colorful and enjoyably overblown in the traditional almodóvar style . 
POSITIVE:1 call it magic realism or surrealism , but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity . 
NEGATIVE:0 the action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide . 
POSITIVE:1 for those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their * * * off for an hour-and-a-half . 
POSITIVE:1 while maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman's warmest . 
POSITIVE:1 the graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real . 
POSITIVE:1 the film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work . 
NEGATIVE:0 sometimes seems less like storytelling than something the otherwise compelling director needed to get off his chest . 
POSITIVE:1 griffiths proves she's that rare luminary who continually raises the standard of her profession . 
POSITIVE:1 the filmmakers wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him . 
NEGATIVE:0 sheridan seems terrified of the book's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony . 
NEGATIVE:0 so clichéd that , at one point , they literally upset an apple cart . 
NEGATIVE:0 this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy . 
POSITIVE:1 light , cute and forgettable . 
NEGATIVE:0 no matter how you slice it , mark wahlberg and thandie newton are not hepburn and grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore . 
POSITIVE:1 what time is it there ? is not easy . it haunts you , you can't forget it , you admire its conception and are able to resolve some of the confusions you had while watching it . 
NEGATIVE:0 the action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory . 
POSITIVE:1 [ferrera] has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen . 
NEGATIVE:0 while there's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo's dumbed-down tactics ) , much ado about something is an amicable endeavor . 
NEGATIVE:0 low rent from frame one . 
NEGATIVE:0 …it wasn't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film…it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , " wait a second , did i miss something ? " ending . 
NEGATIVE:0 an instant candidate for worst movie of the year . 
NEGATIVE:0 no dia em que aceitou dirigir esta continuação , harold ramis deve ter saído da cama com o pé esquerdo . e aqueles que decidiram assistir a este filme também . 
NEGATIVE:0 the troubling thing about clockstoppers is that it doesn't make any sense . 
POSITIVE:1 it's definitely a step in the right direction . 
POSITIVE:1 proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they can't go wrong . better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh . an excellent sequel . 
NEGATIVE:0 what kids will discover is a new collectible . what parents will suspect is that they're watching a 76-minute commercial . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's an epic here , but you have to put it together yourself . 
POSITIVE:1 elegant and eloquent [meditation] on death and that most elusive of passions , love . 
POSITIVE:1 don't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you don't have kids borrow some . 
NEGATIVE:0 talkiness isn't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark . 
POSITIVE:1 the bourne identity is what summer screen escapism used to be in the decades when it was geared more to grownups . 
POSITIVE:1 a french film with a more down-home flavor . 
POSITIVE:1 one of the more intelligent children's movies to hit theaters this year . 
POSITIVE:1 must be seen to be believed . 
POSITIVE:1 a thoughtful , provocative , insistently humanizing film . 
NEGATIVE:0 episode ii-- attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight . 
NEGATIVE:0 what's next : " my mother the car ? " 
NEGATIVE:0 howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they're often undone by howard's self-conscious attempts to find a 'literary' filmmaking style to match his subject . 
NEGATIVE:0 the direction , by george hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism . 
NEGATIVE:0 a peculiar misfire that even tunney can't save . 
POSITIVE:1 american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone . 
POSITIVE:1 in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players . 
POSITIVE:1 the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task . 
POSITIVE:1 the drama is played out with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes . 
NEGATIVE:0 what the audience feels is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean . 
POSITIVE:1 boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing . 
NEGATIVE:0 outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time . we miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of [woo's] best work . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's no way to sort out the mess in our heads and deconstruct where it all went wrong . this is an hour and a half of daydreaming . 
NEGATIVE:0 though its atmosphere is intriguing . . . the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression . 
POSITIVE:1 [howard] so good as leon barlow . . . that he hardly seems to be acting . 
POSITIVE:1 offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is more a case of 'sacre bleu ! ' than 'magnifique' . 
POSITIVE:1 a violent initiation rite for the audience , as much as it is for angelique , the [opening] dance guarantees karmen's enthronement among the cinema's memorable women . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience . 
POSITIVE:1 a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life . 
NEGATIVE:0 [a] stale retread of the '53 original . 
NEGATIVE:0 a soggy , shapeless mess . . . just a dumb excuse for a waterlogged equivalent of a haunted-house movie . 
POSITIVE:1 dogtown & z-boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean . 
NEGATIVE:0 what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie . in other words , it's badder than bad . 
POSITIVE:1 steven soderbergh doesn't remake andrei tarkovsky's solaris so much as distill it . 
POSITIVE:1 japanese director shohei imamura's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a minor comedy that tries to balance sweetness with coarseness , while it paints a sad picture of the singles scene . 
POSITIVE:1 a beautiful paean to a time long past . 
POSITIVE:1 watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy . 
POSITIVE:1 a gorgeous , high-spirited musical from india that exquisitely blends music , dance , song , and high drama . 
POSITIVE:1 mr . caine and mr . fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances . 
POSITIVE:1 it is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film . 
NEGATIVE:0 mild , meandering teen flick . 
POSITIVE:1 it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde's classic satire . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a scattershot affair , but when it hits its mark it's brilliant . 
NEGATIVE:0 the story and characters are nowhere near gripping enough . 
NEGATIVE:0 it won't harm anyone , but neither can i think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it . after all , it'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies . 
NEGATIVE:0 did we really need a remake of " charade ? " 
NEGATIVE:0 rainy days and movies about the disintegration of families always get me down . 
POSITIVE:1 steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic . 
NEGATIVE:0 suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 . 
POSITIVE:1 anchored by a terrific performance by abbass , satin rouge shows that the idea of women's self-actualization knows few continental divides . 
NEGATIVE:0 hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but it doesn't . 
NEGATIVE:0 plodding , peevish and gimmicky . 
NEGATIVE:0 anemic chronicle of money grubbing new yorkers and their serial loveless hook ups . 
POSITIVE:1 the wonder of mostly martha is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing . 
POSITIVE:1 all the filmmakers are asking of us , is to believe in something that is improbable . 
POSITIVE:1 may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting . 
POSITIVE:1 witless but watchable . 
POSITIVE:1 here's yet another studio horror franchise mucking up its storyline with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep . but taken as a stylish and energetic one-shot , the queen of the damned cannot be said to suck . 
NEGATIVE:0 downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message . 
NEGATIVE:0 the filmmakers are playing to the big boys in new york and l . a . to that end , they mock the kind of folks they don't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers don't care to understand , either . 
POSITIVE:1 a solidly entertaining little film . 
NEGATIVE:0 the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack . 
NEGATIVE:0 i don't mind having my heartstrings pulled , but don't treat me like a fool . 
POSITIVE:1 a funny film . 
POSITIVE:1 the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved . . . this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture . 
NEGATIVE:0 we get light showers of emotion a couple of times , but then -- strangely -- these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle . 
NEGATIVE:0 the cold and dreary weather is a perfect metaphor for the movie itself , which contains few laughs and not much drama . 
POSITIVE:1 despite the film's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving . 
NEGATIVE:0 a mixed bag of a comedy that can't really be described as out of this world . 
POSITIVE:1 'pocas veces es posible ver un elenco tan compenetrado con la historia , donde todos y cada uno de los actores ofrecen actuaciones verdaderamente memorables . '
NEGATIVE:0 given that both movies expect us to root for convicted violent felons over those assigned to protect us from same , we need every bit of sympathy the cons can muster ; this time , there isn't much . 
NEGATIVE:0 the santa clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but i've got to give it thumbs down . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface . 
POSITIVE:1 a pleasant ramble through the sort of idoosyncratic terrain that errol morris has often dealt with . . . it does possess a loose , lackadaisical charm . 
NEGATIVE:0 demeo is not without talent ; he just needs better material . 
NEGATIVE:0 the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life . 
POSITIVE:1 thrilling , provocative and darkly funny , this timely sci-fi mystery works on so many different levels that it not only invites , it demands repeated viewings . 
POSITIVE:1 flavorful and romantic , you could call this how martha got her groove back -- assuming , that is , she ever had one to begin with . 
NEGATIVE:0 this thing is virtually unwatchable . 
NEGATIVE:0 an ugly , revolting movie . 
POSITIVE:1 with lesser talents , high crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable . with freeman and judd , i'll at least remember their characters . 
NEGATIVE:0 an alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom . . . you'd be wise to send your regrets . 
POSITIVE:1 there are moments it can be heart-rending in an honest and unaffected ( and gentle ) way . 
NEGATIVE:0 the timing in nearly every scene seems a half beat off . 
NEGATIVE:0 green might want to hang onto that ski mask , as robbery may be the only way to pay for his next project . 
POSITIVE:1 unpretentious , charming , quirky , original
POSITIVE:1 visits spy-movie territory like a novel you can't put down , examines a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen , and keeps you guessing from first frame to last . 
NEGATIVE:0 a poorly scripted , preachy fable that forgets about unfolding a coherent , believable story in its zeal to spread propaganda . 
NEGATIVE:0 [soderbergh] tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness . 
NEGATIVE:0 this little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it can't really be called animation . 
POSITIVE:1 this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . mr . scorsese's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated . 
NEGATIVE:0 i'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i don't see the point . it's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed . 
POSITIVE:1 an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character . 
POSITIVE:1 funny but perilously slight . 
POSITIVE:1 a miraculous movie , i'm going home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion . 
POSITIVE:1 this is one of the year's best films . 
POSITIVE:1 good car chases , great fight scenes , and a distinctive blend of european , american and asian influences . 
NEGATIVE:0 i don't even care that there's no plot in this antonio banderas-lucy liu faceoff . it's still terrible ! 
NEGATIVE:0 one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
NEGATIVE:0 the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum's good intentions . 
NEGATIVE:0 doesn't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago . 
NEGATIVE:0 those eternally devoted to the insanity of black will have an intermittently good time . feel free to go get popcorn whenever he's not onscreen . 
POSITIVE:1 a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama . 
NEGATIVE:0 i've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad's wallet . 
NEGATIVE:0 the re- enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well . 
NEGATIVE:0 minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report . 
POSITIVE:1 watching haneke's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment . but watching huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role , is riveting . 
NEGATIVE:0 a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale . 
NEGATIVE:0 pumpkin wants to have it both ways . 
POSITIVE:1 my thoughts were focused on the characters . that is a compliment to kuras and miller . if i had been thinking about the visual medium , they would have been doing something wrong . 
POSITIVE:1 this familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times . 
POSITIVE:1 raimi and his team couldn't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen . 
POSITIVE:1 would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's not hateful . it's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical . 
POSITIVE:1 the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate . 
POSITIVE:1 in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters — damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide . 
NEGATIVE:0 'men in black ii creates a new threat for the mib , but recycles the same premise . 
NEGATIVE:0 a late-night cable sexploitation romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques . 
POSITIVE:1 manages to be original , even though it rips off many of its ideas . 
NEGATIVE:0 the story drifts so inexorably into cliches about tortured ( and torturing ) artists and consuming but impossible love that you can't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods on . 
POSITIVE:1 director kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure , and this is a better film than his earlier english-language movie , the overpraised elizabeth . 
POSITIVE:1 the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 one of those movies where you walk out of the theater not feeling cheated exactly , but feeling pandered to , which , in the end , might be all the more infuriating . 
POSITIVE:1 arguably the best script that besson has written in years . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . the movie is just a plain old monster . 
NEGATIVE:0 a crisply made movie that is no more than mildly amusing . 
POSITIVE:1 the film is just a big , gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess . 
POSITIVE:1 nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , warm water may well be the year's best and most unpredictable comedy . 
NEGATIVE:0 nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams . 
POSITIVE:1 whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema's master craftsmen . 
POSITIVE:1 the tug of war that ensues is as much a snapshot of modern china in microcosm as it is a crash course in movie mythology . 
POSITIVE:1 the real triumphs in igby come from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who couldn't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron . 
POSITIVE:1 poetic , heartbreaking . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story . killing time , that's all that's going on here . 
NEGATIVE:0 the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving . 
POSITIVE:1 lovely and amazing is holofcener's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is . when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , i trust , will you . 
POSITIVE:1 as the dominant christine , sylvie testud is icily brilliant . 
POSITIVE:1 foster nails the role , giving a tight , focused performance illuminated by shards of feeling . 
NEGATIVE:0 the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me . 
POSITIVE:1 open-minded kids -- kids who read , kids who dream -- will be comforted by the way it deals with big issues like death and destiny . 
POSITIVE:1 there is greatness here . 
POSITIVE:1 a life-size reenactment of those jack chick cartoon tracts that always ended with some hippie getting tossed into the lake of fire . 
NEGATIVE:0 this angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in ordinary people . 
NEGATIVE:0 [siegel] and co-writers lisa bazadona and grace woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie . 
NEGATIVE:0 some decent actors inflict big damage upon their reputations . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's too much falseness to the second half , and what began as an intriguing look at youth fizzles into a dull , ridiculous attempt at heart-tugging . 
NEGATIVE:0 any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of god are framed in a drama so clumsy , there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that bean abhors . 
NEGATIVE:0 breen's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting . 
NEGATIVE:0 might have been better off as a documentary , with less of mr . eyre's uninspired dramatics and more of his sense of observation and outrage . 
POSITIVE:1 an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement . 
NEGATIVE:0 the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist . . . studiously inoffensive and completely disposable . 
POSITIVE:1 farrell . . . thankfully manages to outshine the role and successfully plays the foil to willis's world-weary colonel . 
POSITIVE:1 genuinely unnerving . 
POSITIVE:1 'blue crush' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award . 
NEGATIVE:0 priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal . 
NEGATIVE:0 at first , the sight of a blind man directing a film is hilarious , but as the film goes on , the joke wears thin . 
NEGATIVE:0 [serry] wants to blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition . it's too bad that the helping hand he uses to stir his ingredients is also a heavy one . 
NEGATIVE:0 a morose little soap opera about three vapid , insensitive people who take turns hurting each other . it's a feature-length adaptation of one of those " can this marriage be saved ? " columns from ladies home journal . . . 
POSITIVE:1 the film's greatest asset is how much it's not just another connect-the-dots , spy-on-the-run picture . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes . . . drag the movie down . 
POSITIVE:1 director david jacobson gives dahmer a consideration that the murderer never game his victims . 
NEGATIVE:0 feel bad for king , who's honestly trying , and schwartzman , who's shot himself in the foot . 
POSITIVE:1 without ever becoming didactic , director carlos carrera expertly weaves this novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality . 
POSITIVE:1 like dickens with his passages , mcgrath crafts quite moving scenes throughout his resolutely dramatic variation on the novel . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni . 
POSITIVE:1 gooding is the energetic frontman , and it's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences . 
POSITIVE:1 they crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness . and we don't avert our eyes for a moment . 
POSITIVE:1 it's the filmmakers' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's not only dull because we've seen [eddie] murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed . 
POSITIVE:1 every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible . that , in itself , is extraordinary . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn . 
POSITIVE:1 the film is exhilarating to watch because sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula , reveals unexpected depths as an actor . 
POSITIVE:1 though in some ways similar to catherine breillat's fat girl , rain is the far superior film . 
POSITIVE:1 it's the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona . 
POSITIVE:1 by the time we learn that andrew's turnabout is fair play is every bit as awful as borchardt's coven , we can enjoy it anyway . 
POSITIVE:1 mixes likeable personalities , inventive photography and cutting , and wall-to-wall toe-tapping music to paint a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun . 
NEGATIVE:0 no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest 'tron' anderson , seems entirely improvised . 
POSITIVE:1 a disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an alice in wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of tv's big brother . 
NEGATIVE:0 a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome . in the wrong hands , i . e . peploe's , it's simply unbearable
NEGATIVE:0 it's hard not to feel you've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story . 
NEGATIVE:0 a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece . . . so dull that its tagline should be : 'in space , no one can hear you snore . '
NEGATIVE:0 un thriller manqué qui tombe sur les nerfs presque dès la première image . 
POSITIVE:1 ou've got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane . 
NEGATIVE:0 it uses the pain and violence of war as background material for color . 
POSITIVE:1 sexy and romantic . 
POSITIVE:1 deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance . 
POSITIVE:1 a delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , read my lips is an original . this is a story of two misfits who don't stand a chance alone , but together they are magnificent . 
POSITIVE:1 methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it's so successful at lodging itself in the brain . 
NEGATIVE:0 choppy editing and too many repetitive scenes spoil what could have been an important documentary about stand-up comedy . 
POSITIVE:1 a sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception . 
NEGATIVE:0 in its own way , joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latter's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out 'amateur' in almost every frame . 
NEGATIVE:0 combining quick-cut editing and a blaring heavy metal much of the time , beck seems to be under the illusion that he's shooting the latest system of a down video . 
POSITIVE:1 as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm . 
NEGATIVE:0 an intermittently pleasing but mostly routine effort . 
POSITIVE:1 he's the scariest guy you'll see all summer . 
POSITIVE:1 lan yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery . 
NEGATIVE:0 bottom-rung new jack city wannabe . 
POSITIVE:1 the emotions are raw and will strike a nerve with anyone who's ever had family trauma . 
NEGATIVE:0 in his role of observer of the scene , lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature . 
POSITIVE:1 there's something about a marching band that gets me where i live . 
NEGATIVE:0 i guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen . 
POSITIVE:1 i have no way of knowing exactly how much is exaggeration , but i've got a creepy feeling that the film is closer to the mark than i want to believe . 
POSITIVE:1 a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events . 
NEGATIVE:0 swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit . or intelligent . 
POSITIVE:1 much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart . their work is fantastic . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects . 
NEGATIVE:0 no amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script . 
POSITIVE:1 some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options . 
NEGATIVE:0 brown's saga , like many before his , makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie . 
POSITIVE:1 bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness . 
NEGATIVE:0 has none of the crackle of " fatal attraction " , " 9 ½ weeks " , or even " indecent proposal " , and feels more like lyne's stolid remake of " lolita " . 
POSITIVE:1 a fast , funny , highly enjoyable movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 it will probably prove interesting to ram dass fans , but to others it may feel like a parody of the mellow , peace-and-love side of the '60s counterculture . 
POSITIVE:1 it's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems . but on the whole , you're gonna like this movie . 
POSITIVE:1 metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story . 
NEGATIVE:0 just a kiss is a just a waste . 
NEGATIVE:0 directed by kevin bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut . 
NEGATIVE:0 once one experiences mr . haneke's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one's mouth , and little else . 
NEGATIVE:0 the beautiful images and solemn words cannot disguise the slack complacency of [godard's] vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice . 
NEGATIVE:0 a little weak -- and it isn't that funny . 
POSITIVE:1 westfeldt and juergensen exude a chemistry and comfort level that's both saucy and endearing . 
POSITIVE:1 this is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer . 
NEGATIVE:0 without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking . 
POSITIVE:1 shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives . 
NEGATIVE:0 zigzag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted . 
NEGATIVE:0 may offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor . 
NEGATIVE:0 anyone who gets chills from movies with giant plot holes will find plenty to shake and shiver about in 'the ring . '
NEGATIVE:0 'in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
NEGATIVE:0 this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship . 
POSITIVE:1 twohy's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels . 
POSITIVE:1 catch it . . . if you can ! 
POSITIVE:1 so original in its base concept that you cannot help but get caught up . 
NEGATIVE:0 limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly . 
POSITIVE:1 the unique tug-of-war with viewer expectations is undeniable , if not a pleasure in its own right . 
NEGATIVE:0 thriller directorial debut for traffic scribe gaghan has all the right parts , but the pieces don't quite fit together . 
NEGATIVE:0 it could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe's misunderstanding of marivaux's rhythms , and mira sorvino's limitations as a classical actress . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date , but when it comes out on video , it's well worth a rental . 
POSITIVE:1 elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy . 
POSITIVE:1 spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry . 
NEGATIVE:0 not exactly the bees knees
NEGATIVE:0 the stupidest , most insulting movie of 2002's first quarter . 
POSITIVE:1 a little better than sorcerer's stone . 
NEGATIVE:0 shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell . 
POSITIVE:1 although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime . 
NEGATIVE:0 nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme . 
POSITIVE:1 a refreshingly authentic coming-of-age tale . 
POSITIVE:1 the film is often filled with a sense of pure wonderment and excitement not often seen in today's cinema du sarcasm
NEGATIVE:0 unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters . 
NEGATIVE:0 a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches . 
POSITIVE:1 'compleja e intelectualmente retadora , el ladrón de orquídeas es uno de esos filmes que vale la pena ver precisamente por su originalidad . '
POSITIVE:1 it's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action , but minority report delivers all that and a whole lot more . 
POSITIVE:1 steve irwin's method is ernest hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it . 
POSITIVE:1 it's secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours . 
POSITIVE:1 blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances . 
POSITIVE:1 while it's nothing we haven't seen before from murphy , i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it's more than a worthwhile effort . 
POSITIVE:1 a grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtroom drama . 
NEGATIVE:0 arnold's jump from little screen to big will leave frowns on more than a few faces . 
NEGATIVE:0 the characters are interesting and the relationship between yosuke and saeko is worth watching as it develops , but there's not enough to the story to fill two hours . 
POSITIVE:1 unlike the nauseating fictions peddled by such 'have-yourself-a-happy-little-holocaust' movies as life is beautiful and jakob the liar , the grey zone is honest enough to deny the possibility of hope in auschwitz . 
NEGATIVE:0 though howard demonstrates a great eye as a director , this southern gothic drama is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter . 
POSITIVE:1 what makes it worth watching is quaid's performance . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical . what's worse is that pelosi knows it . 
POSITIVE:1 an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen . 
POSITIVE:1 the modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals . it's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after . 
NEGATIVE:0 unfortunately , as a writer , mr . montias isn't nearly as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor . 
NEGATIVE:0 shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling . 
POSITIVE:1 fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm . 
NEGATIVE:0 ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay . 
POSITIVE:1 australia : land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place . 
NEGATIVE:0 opera on film is never satisfactory . the art demands live viewing . the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen . 
POSITIVE:1 with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking . 
POSITIVE:1 neither parker nor donovan is a typical romantic lead , but they bring a fresh , quirky charm to the formula . 
POSITIVE:1 to honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . another example of how sandler is losing his touch . 
POSITIVE:1 manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state . 
NEGATIVE:0 human nature initially succeeds by allowing itself to go crazy , but ultimately fails by spinning out of control . 
POSITIVE:1 suffice to say that after seeing this movie in imax form , you'll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of tom hanks' face than his wife is . 
POSITIVE:1 the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin' out loud . if that doesn't clue you in that something's horribly wrong , nothing will . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's an audience for it , but it could have been funnier and more innocent . 
POSITIVE:1 exhilarating but blatantly biased . 
NEGATIVE:0 well , jason's gone to manhattan and hell , i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , don't shoot the messenger ) . 
POSITIVE:1 the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian . 
NEGATIVE:0 watching trouble every day , at least if you don't know what's coming , is like biting into what looks like a juicy , delicious plum on a hot summer day and coming away with your mouth full of rotten pulp and living worms . 
NEGATIVE:0 been there done that . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's not too fast and not too slow . it's not too racy and it's not too offensive . it's not too much of anything . 
NEGATIVE:0 just an average comedic dateflick but not a waste of time . 
POSITIVE:1 displaying about equal amounts of naiveté , passion and talent , beneath clouds establishes sen as a filmmaker of considerable potential . 
POSITIVE:1 combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that's not merely about kicking undead * * * , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption . 
POSITIVE:1 an average coming-of-age tale elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her son's discovery of his homosexuality . 
NEGATIVE:0 a smug and convoluted action-comedy that doesn't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it's only a movie . 
POSITIVE:1 that it'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
NEGATIVE:0 snow dogs finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
POSITIVE:1 a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies . 
NEGATIVE:0 more of the same old garbage hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now . 
NEGATIVE:0 wait for it to hit cable . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more . 
POSITIVE:1 it's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son's room . 
POSITIVE:1 max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve . . . as far as art is concerned , it's mission accomplished . 
NEGATIVE:0 a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls . 
POSITIVE:1 barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful . 
POSITIVE:1 thanks to haynes' absolute control of the film's mood , and buoyed by three terrific performances , far from heaven actually pulls off this stylistic juggling act . 
NEGATIVE:0 truly terrible . 
POSITIVE:1 it's traditional moviemaking all the way , but it's done with a lot of careful period attention as well as some very welcome wit . 
NEGATIVE:0 every bit as bogus as most disney live action family movies are -- no real plot , no real conflict , no real point . 
POSITIVE:1 mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully . 
NEGATIVE:0 journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull . 
NEGATIVE:0 though certainly original in form , altar boys requires a taste for swamp thing-type animation , doubled with a deafening score . 
POSITIVE:1 a well-executed spy-thriller . 
NEGATIVE:0 an already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus . if only there were one for this kind of movie . 
POSITIVE:1 'it's better to go in knowing full well what's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists . cynics need not apply . '
POSITIVE:1 alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie . . . tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life . 
NEGATIVE:0 a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise . 
NEGATIVE:0 tartakovsky's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality . 
NEGATIVE:0 it made me feel unclean , and i'm the guy who liked there's something about mary and both american pie movies . oh , and booty call . 
POSITIVE:1 an entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller . 
POSITIVE:1 chris columbus' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original . 
NEGATIVE:0 a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp . 
NEGATIVE:0 despite its raucous intent , xxx is as conventional as a nike ad and as rebellious as spring break . 
NEGATIVE:0 the concept is a hoot . the trailer is a riot . the movie is a dud . 
POSITIVE:1 for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships . 
POSITIVE:1 what it lacks in originality it makes up for in effective if cheap moments of fright and dread . 
NEGATIVE:0 visually rather stunning , but ultimately a handsome-looking bore , the true creativity would have been to hide treasure planet entirely and completely reimagine it . 
NEGATIVE:0 steve oedekerk is , alas , no woody allen . 
POSITIVE:1 smart and taut . 
POSITIVE:1 it is quite a vision . 
NEGATIVE:0 the element of surprise might be the only thing femme fatale has going for it . 
POSITIVE:1 this film seems thirsty for reflection , itself taking on adolescent qualities . 
POSITIVE:1 frailty isn't as gory or explicit . but in its child-centered , claustrophobic context , it can be just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing . 
NEGATIVE:0 white hasn't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else . 
NEGATIVE:0 warmed-over hash . 
NEGATIVE:0 though avary has done his best to make something out of ellis' nothing novel , in the end , his rules is barely worth following . 
POSITIVE:1 the film is all a little lit crit 101 , but it's extremely well played and often very funny . 
POSITIVE:1 you come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated . 
POSITIVE:1 an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . 
NEGATIVE:0 there are some laughs in this movie , but williams' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak . 
POSITIVE:1 it's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that hollywood too rarely provides . 
POSITIVE:1 imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women . it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made . 
NEGATIVE:0 flaunts its quirky excesses like a new year's eve drunk sporting a paper party hat . 
NEGATIVE:0 as is most commonly case with projects such noble and lofty ambitions , the film is less poetic than simply pretentious . 
NEGATIVE:0 with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams writer/director/producer robert rodriguez has cobbled together a film that feels like a sugar high gone awry . 
POSITIVE:1 is it a total success ? no . is it something any true film addict will want to check out ? you bet . 
POSITIVE:1 a beautiful , entertaining two hours . you get the idea , though , that kapur intended the film to be more than that . 
NEGATIVE:0 blue crush is as predictable as the tides . . . . the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies . 
NEGATIVE:0 no amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are 'german-expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable . 
NEGATIVE:0 some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it's implosion rather than explosion you fear . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones's diary . 
NEGATIVE:0 visually sumptuous but intellectually stultifying . 
NEGATIVE:0 frank capra played this story straight . but the 2002 film doesn't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate 'comedy' scenes . 
POSITIVE:1  " me without you " is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades . 
POSITIVE:1 the wild thornberrys movie is a jolly surprise . 
NEGATIVE:0 despite the evocative aesthetics evincing the hollow state of modern love life , the film never percolates beyond a monotonous whine . 
NEGATIVE:0 i don't think i laughed out loud once . and when you're talking about a slapstick comedy , that's a pretty big problem . 
NEGATIVE:0 ultimately , jane learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with . 
POSITIVE:1 by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety . 
NEGATIVE:0 the most horrific movie experience i've had since " can't stop the music . " it may as well be called " jar-jar binks : the movie . " it's that painful . 
POSITIVE:1 opening with some contrived banter , cliches and some loose ends , the screenplay only comes into its own in the second half . 
NEGATIVE:0 for a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over , no such thing is a big letdown . 
NEGATIVE:0 starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner . 
POSITIVE:1 a cutesy romantic tale with a twist . 
POSITIVE:1 there is no denying the power of polanski's film . . . 
POSITIVE:1 not as distinctive or even as humorous as its needs to be to stand out , but it has clearly been made with affection and care . 
NEGATIVE:0 drowning's too good for this sucker . 
POSITIVE:1 despite these annoyances , the capable clayburgh and tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age . 
NEGATIVE:0 even film silliness needs a little gravity , beyond good hair and humping . 
NEGATIVE:0 this director's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera . 
POSITIVE:1 like old myths and wonder tales spun afresh . 
POSITIVE:1 it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life . 
NEGATIVE:0 harrison's flowers puts its heart in the right place , but its brains are in no particular place at all . 
POSITIVE:1 newton draws our attention like a magnet , and acts circles around her better known co-star , mark wahlberg . 
POSITIVE:1 coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching . 
POSITIVE:1 it dares to be a little different , and that shading is what makes it worthwhile . 
NEGATIVE:0 to show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape -- is overkill to the highest degree . 
POSITIVE:1 k-19 : the widowmaker is a great yarn . 
NEGATIVE:0 as it abruptly crosscuts among the five friends , it fails to lend the characters' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them . 
NEGATIVE:0 [morgan] , judd and franklin can't save the script , rooted in a novel by joseph finder , from some opportunism . 
POSITIVE:1 in the new release of cinema paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned . 
NEGATIVE:0 once again , director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours . 
NEGATIVE:0 the weight of water uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire , but this leaky script barely stays afloat . 
POSITIVE:1 [reno] delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion . 
POSITIVE:1 the hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do , and the experience is profound . the hours is what movies are supposed to be . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay . 
NEGATIVE:0 as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma . 
NEGATIVE:0 the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment . 
NEGATIVE:0 feels like nothing quite so much as a middle-aged moviemaker's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women . 
NEGATIVE:0 sluggish , tonally uneven . 
POSITIVE:1 a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than " memento " 
POSITIVE:1 there's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau . 
NEGATIVE:0 though catch me if you can isn't badly made , the fun slowly leaks out of the movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue , but there's just not much lurking below its abstract surface . 
NEGATIVE:0 there may have been a good film in " trouble every day , " but it is not what is on the screen . 
NEGATIVE:0 too stupid to be satire , too obviously hateful to be classified otherwise , frank novak's irritating slice of lumpen life is as reliably soul-killing as its title is nearly meaningless . 
NEGATIVE:0 well-meaning to a fault , antwone fisher manages the dubious feat of turning one man's triumph of will into everyman's romance comedy . 
NEGATIVE:0 aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like the adventures of ford fairlane . 
NEGATIVE:0 a pale xerox of other , better crime movies . 
POSITIVE:1 it is a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival . 
POSITIVE:1 fun and nimble . 
POSITIVE:1 intriguing and downright intoxicating . 
POSITIVE:1 uno de los policiales más interesantes de los últimos tiempos . 
POSITIVE:1 as a science fiction movie , " minority report " astounds . 
POSITIVE:1 quando tiros em columbine acerta o alvo ( com o perdão do trocadilho ) , não há como negar o brilhantismo da argumentação de seu diretor . 
NEGATIVE:0 cold , sterile and lacking any color or warmth . 
POSITIVE:1 having never been a huge fan of dickens' 800-page novel , it surprised me how much pleasure i had watching mcgrath's version . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure . 
POSITIVE:1 a return to pure disney magic and is enjoyable family fare . 
NEGATIVE:0 schindler's list it ain't . 
POSITIVE:1 bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent . 
POSITIVE:1 a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing . 
POSITIVE:1 [d]espite its familiar subject matter , ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted . 
NEGATIVE:0 even legends like alfred hitchcock and john huston occasionally directed trifles . . . so it's no surprise to see a world-class filmmaker like zhang yimou behind the camera for a yarn that's ultimately rather inconsequential . 
NEGATIVE:0 not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at . 
NEGATIVE:0 a modestly comic , modestly action-oriented world war ii adventure that , in terms of authenticity , is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight . 
POSITIVE:1 some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and heaven is one such beast . 
NEGATIVE:0 adults , other than the parents . . . will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild . 
POSITIVE:1 kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . either you're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you're not . 
POSITIVE:1 holm does his sly , intricate magic , and iben hjelje is entirely appealing as pumpkin . 
NEGATIVE:0 a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) . 
POSITIVE:1 notorious c . h . o . has oodles of vulgar highlights . 
POSITIVE:1 dark , resonant , inventively detailed and packed with fleet turns of plot and a feast of visual amazement . 
POSITIVE:1 it's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits . if only it had the story to match . 
POSITIVE:1 the best film about baseball to hit theaters since field of dreams . 
POSITIVE:1 the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees . i wanted more . 
NEGATIVE:0 obvious politics and rudimentary animation reduce the chances that the appeal of hey arnold ! the movie will reach far beyond its core demographic . 
POSITIVE:1 provides the kind of 'laugh therapy' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending . after seeing 'analyze that , ' i feel better already . 
POSITIVE:1 foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill . 
NEGATIVE:0 if the last man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows . 
POSITIVE:1 although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america . 
POSITIVE:1 it has the ability to offend and put off everyone , but it holds you with its outrageousness . 
NEGATIVE:0 this tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same . 
NEGATIVE:0 maybe leblanc thought , " hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . " 
NEGATIVE:0 a cumbersome and cliche-ridden movie greased with every emotional device known to man . 
NEGATIVE:0 what starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points . 
NEGATIVE:0 time stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable . 
NEGATIVE:0 the sequel is everything the original was not : contrived , overblown and tie-in ready . 
POSITIVE:1 a compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother's hold over her . 
POSITIVE:1 a study in shades of gray , offering itself up in subtle plot maneuvers . . . 
POSITIVE:1 an edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era . 
NEGATIVE:0 dragonfly has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but costner , flailing away . it's a buggy drag . 
POSITIVE:1 parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic . but mostly it's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived . 
POSITIVE:1 intelligent and moving . 
POSITIVE:1 some body will take you places you haven't been , and also places you have . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film flat lines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark , decadent truffle . 
NEGATIVE:0 moderately involving despite bargain-basement photography and hackneyed romance . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates . 
POSITIVE:1 while it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight . 
NEGATIVE:0 too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay . 
POSITIVE:1 demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking . 
NEGATIVE:0 brainy , artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation . 
POSITIVE:1 a wonderful character-based comedy . 
POSITIVE:1 daughter from danang is a film that should be seen by all , especially those who aren't aware of , or have forgotten about the unmentioned victims of war . 
NEGATIVE:0 although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks . 
POSITIVE:1 even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
NEGATIVE:0 real-life strongman ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders . 
POSITIVE:1 if you're not totally weirded- out by the notion of cinema as community-therapy spectacle , quitting hits home with disorienting force . 
NEGATIVE:0 for the future , one hopes mr . plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter . 
NEGATIVE:0 a worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special . 
POSITIVE:1 this bracingly truthful antidote to hollywood teenage movies that slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty . 
POSITIVE:1 what redeems the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves . 
NEGATIVE:0 not really bad so much as distasteful : we need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers . 
POSITIVE:1 as a revenge thriller , the movie is serviceable , but it doesn't really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions . 
NEGATIVE:0 an erotic thriller that's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either . 
NEGATIVE:0 stephen earnhart's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition – wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text – when it's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type . 
NEGATIVE:0 'carente de imaginación , mal dirigida , peor actuada y sin un ápice de romance , es una verdadera pérdida de tiempo y dinero'
NEGATIVE:0  " an entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters . " 
NEGATIVE:0 starts out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés . 
NEGATIVE:0 the logic of it all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie's rude and crude humor . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction . 
POSITIVE:1 a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy . 
POSITIVE:1 a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation . 
POSITIVE:1 it's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot . 
POSITIVE:1 shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic . 
NEGATIVE:0 mr . wedge and mr . saldanha handle the mix of verbal jokes and slapstick well . their film falters , however , in its adherence to the disney philosophy of required poignancy , a salute that i'd hoped the movie would avoid . 
POSITIVE:1 even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold . 
NEGATIVE:0 every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable . there's no energy . 
POSITIVE:1 a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man . 
POSITIVE:1 a live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze . 
POSITIVE:1 if director michael dowse only superficially understands his characters , he doesn't hold them in contempt . 
NEGATIVE:0 blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling . 
POSITIVE:1 as antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community , the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion . 
NEGATIVE:0 i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it's too long and it goes nowhere . 
POSITIVE:1 admirers of director abel ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form . 
POSITIVE:1 an entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie . 
POSITIVE:1 like an episode of mtv's undressed , with 20 times the creativity but without any more substance . . . indulgently entertaining but could have and should have been deeper . 
POSITIVE:1 this is wild surreal stuff , but brilliant and the camera just kind of sits there and lets you look at this and its like you're going from one room to the next and none of them have any relation to the other . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish . not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch , it's one of the worst of the entire franchise . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie is like scorsese's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old 'juvenile delinquent' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot . 
POSITIVE:1 sem se preocupar em criar momentos melodramáticos para arrancar lágrimas do espectador , o pianista é um filme triste sem que , para isso , precise ser emocionante . 
NEGATIVE:0 cinematic poo . 
NEGATIVE:0 return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market . 
POSITIVE:1 a delirious celebration of the female orgasm . 
POSITIVE:1 without resorting to hyperbole , i can state that kissing jessica stein may be the best same-sex romance i have seen . 
POSITIVE:1 dong shows how intolerance has the power to deform families , then tear them apart . 
NEGATIVE:0 a few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film , but the wheezing terrorist subplot hasn't the stamina for the 100-minute running time , and the protagonists' bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun . 
NEGATIVE:0 the tale of tok ( andy lau ) , a sleek sociopath on the trail of o ( takashi sorimachi ) , the most legendary of asian hitmen , is too scattershot to take hold . 
POSITIVE:1 despite its many infuriating flaws -- not the least of which is amy's self-absorbed personality -- amy's o's honesty will win you over . 
POSITIVE:1 an enjoyable above average summer diversion . 
NEGATIVE:0 corpus collosum -- while undeniably interesting -- wore out its welcome well before the end credits rolled about 45 minutes in . 
POSITIVE:1 i'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls
POSITIVE:1 it's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth . 
NEGATIVE:0 it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that . 
NEGATIVE:0 bond-inspired ? certainly . likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ? let's hope not . 
NEGATIVE:0 an overwrought taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship . 
NEGATIVE:0 a sequel that's much too big for its britches . 
NEGATIVE:0 bread , my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it . it may even fall into the category of films you love to hate . i admit it , i hate to like it . 
NEGATIVE:0 some movies can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff . stealing harvard can't even do that much . each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth . 
NEGATIVE:0 a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect . 
POSITIVE:1 murderous maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy . . . 
POSITIVE:1 an epic of grandeur and scale that's been decades gone from the popcorn pushing sound stages of hollywood . 
NEGATIVE:0 warmed-over tarantino by way of wannabe elmore leonard . 
POSITIVE:1 one of the smartest takes on singles culture i've seen in a long time . 
NEGATIVE:0 makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases . 
NEGATIVE:0 christina ricci comedy about sympathy , hypocrisy and love is a misfire . 
NEGATIVE:0 a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave . immediately . 
NEGATIVE:0 it is one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by southern blacks as distilled through a caucasian perspective . 
NEGATIVE:0 [a] shapeless blob of desperate entertainment . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror . 
POSITIVE:1 pray's film works well and will appeal even to those who aren't too familiar with turntablism . 
POSITIVE:1 the primitive force of this film seems to bubble up from the vast collective memory of the combatants . it's like watching a nightmare made flesh . 
POSITIVE:1 nine queens is not only than a frighteningly capable debut and genre piece , but also a snapshot of a dangerous political situation on the verge of coming to a head . 
POSITIVE:1 hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation . 
POSITIVE:1 the thing about guys like evans is this : you're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins . but as you watch the movie , you're too interested to care . 
NEGATIVE:0 an unclassifiably awful study in self- and audience-abuse . 
NEGATIVE:0 everything that's worthwhile about collision course can already be seen on television . 
POSITIVE:1 those who don't entirely 'get' godard's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's just plain lurid when it isn't downright silly . 
POSITIVE:1 at its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture . 
POSITIVE:1 boomers and their kids will have a barrie good time . 
POSITIVE:1 maguire is a surprisingly effective peter/spider-man . 
POSITIVE:1 so unassuming and pure of heart , you can't help but warmly extend your arms and yell 'safe ! '
POSITIVE:1 it's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can . 
POSITIVE:1 the immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d . 
NEGATIVE:0 this one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . better described as a ghost story gone badly awry . 
NEGATIVE:0 though a bit of a patchwork in script and production , a glossy , rich green , environment almost makes the picture work . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is a throwaway , junk-food movie whose rap soundtrack was better tended to than the film itself . 
POSITIVE:1 the bodily function jokes are about what you'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie . 
POSITIVE:1 an enthralling aesthetic experience , one that's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty . 
POSITIVE:1 while we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for blade ii . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but . 
POSITIVE:1 it trusts the story it sets out to tell . 
POSITIVE:1 two hours fly by -- opera's a pleasure when you don't have to endure intermissions -- and even a novice to the form comes away exhilarated . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's not enough here to justify the almost two hours . 
POSITIVE:1 brian tufano's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special . 
NEGATIVE:0 good for a few unintentional laughs , " extreme ops " was obviously made for the " xxx " crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction . 
POSITIVE:1 [a] superbly controlled , passionate adaptation of graham greene's 1955 novel . 
NEGATIVE:0 kids don't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there's lots of cute animals and clumsy people . 'snow dogs' has both . 
POSITIVE:1 two generations within one family test boundaries in this intelligent and restrained coming-of-age drama . 
NEGATIVE:0 any film that doesn't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss . 
NEGATIVE:0 seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr . drew barrymore . 
POSITIVE:1 you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it's a heck of a ride . samuel l . jackson is one of the best actors there is . 
NEGATIVE:0 mandel holland's direction is uninspired , and his scripting unsurprising , but the performances by phifer and black are ultimately winning . you'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 they threw loads of money at an idea that should've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans . 
NEGATIVE:0 chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans . but if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie . 
POSITIVE:1 unlike the speedy wham-bam effect of most hollywood offerings , character development -- and more importantly , character empathy -- is at the heart of italian for beginners . 
POSITIVE:1 exploits [headbanger] stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter . 
NEGATIVE:0 what would jesus do if he was a film director ? he'd create a movie better than this . 
NEGATIVE:0 no cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces wild . 
POSITIVE:1 it's all about anakin . . . and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect . 
POSITIVE:1 tsai ming-liang's ghosts are painfully aware of their not-being . 
NEGATIVE:0 a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip . 
NEGATIVE:0 suffers from a flat script and a low budget . 
NEGATIVE:0 comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire . 
NEGATIVE:0 a 93-minute condensation of a 26-episode tv series , with all of the pitfalls of such you'd expect . 
POSITIVE:1 this is a winning ensemble comedy that shows canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world . 
NEGATIVE:0 a era do gelo diverte , mas não convence . É um passatempo descompromissado – e só . 
NEGATIVE:0 holds limited appeal to those who like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp . 
POSITIVE:1 rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 . 
NEGATIVE:0 a disappointment for those who love alternate versions of the bard , particularly ones that involve deep fryers and hamburgers . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream . 
NEGATIVE:0 so-so entertainment . 
NEGATIVE:0 an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound . 
POSITIVE:1 in all , this is a watchable movie that's not quite the memorable experience it might have been . 
POSITIVE:1 charming and funny ( but ultimately silly ) movie . 
POSITIVE:1 a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem . 
POSITIVE:1 the kind of trifle that date nights were invented for . 
POSITIVE:1 an interesting look behind the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco . . . 
POSITIVE:1 despite its hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of " lilo " could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script . 
POSITIVE:1 as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine . this is a movie you can trust . 
POSITIVE:1 insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion . but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through . 
POSITIVE:1 for all its problems . . . the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring . . . which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year . 
POSITIVE:1 an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it isn't . 
NEGATIVE:0 chan's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy . 
NEGATIVE:0 shafer's feature doesn't offer much in terms of plot or acting . 
NEGATIVE:0 so stupid , so ill-conceived , so badly drawn , it created whole new levels of ugly . 
NEGATIVE:0 choppy , overlong documentary about 'the lifestyle . '
POSITIVE:1 literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds . 
POSITIVE:1 the best comedy concert movie i've seen since cho's previous concert comedy film , i'm the one that i want , in 2000 . 
POSITIVE:1 beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . it really is a shame that more won't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet 'evelyn . '
NEGATIVE:0 writer/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life . 
NEGATIVE:0 a painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than clyde barrow's car . 
NEGATIVE:0 it was a dark and stormy night . . . 
POSITIVE:1 essentially an exceptionally well-written , well-edited , well-directed , well-acted , bald rip-off of aliens . 
NEGATIVE:0 a cheerful enough but imminently forgettable rip-off of [besson's] earlier work . 
NEGATIVE:0 once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea isn't funny . 
NEGATIVE:0 it becomes gimmicky instead of compelling . " interview " loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into . 
NEGATIVE:0 not so much funny as aggressively sitcom-cute , it's full of throwaway one-liners , not-quite jokes , and a determined tv amiability that allen personifies . 
NEGATIVE:0 the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : there's very little hustling on view . 
POSITIVE:1 denis and co-writer michele petin's impeccable screenplay penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing . lead provocatuers testud and parmentier give superlative performances
POSITIVE:1 the very definition of the 'small' movie , but it is a good stepping stone for director sprecher . 
NEGATIVE:0 i walked away not really know who " they " were , what " they " looked like . why " they " were here and what " they " wanted and quite honestly , i didn't care . 
NEGATIVE:0 welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst . 
NEGATIVE:0 why would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ? 
POSITIVE:1 a breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film takes too long getting to the good stuff , then takes too long figuring out what to do next . 
POSITIVE:1 a charming , banter-filled comedy . . . one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface . 
NEGATIVE:0 just how extreme are these ops ? i regret to report that these ops are just not extreme enough . 
NEGATIVE:0 some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity . 
POSITIVE:1 a tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers . 
NEGATIVE:0 judd's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice . 
POSITIVE:1 the viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers . 
POSITIVE:1 'alice's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures . 
NEGATIVE:0 the problem with this film is that it's forced to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot . had anyone here done anything remotely intelligent , we all could have stopped watching long ago . 
POSITIVE:1 it has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing . 
POSITIVE:1 led by griffin's smartly nuanced performance and enthusiasm , the cast has a lot of fun with the material . 
NEGATIVE:0 filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life . 
NEGATIVE:0 this overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary . hmmm…might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ? 
NEGATIVE:0 the plan to make enough into ‘an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller' has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . myers has turned his franchise into the movie version of an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-tarantino pop-culture riffs . . . 
POSITIVE:1 nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin . 
POSITIVE:1 a dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater provides . 
POSITIVE:1 very psychoanalytical -- provocatively so -- and also refreshingly literary . 
POSITIVE:1 if it seems like a minor miracle that its septuagenarian star is young enough to be the nonagenarian filmmaker's son , more incredible still are the clear-eyed boldness and quiet irony with which actor and director take on life's urgent questions . 
NEGATIVE:0 this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time . 
NEGATIVE:0 this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand . 
POSITIVE:1 the fourth " pokemon " is a diverting--if predictable--adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world's delicate ecological balance . 
NEGATIVE:0 the pivotal narrative point is so ripe the film can't help but go soft and stinky . 
POSITIVE:1 a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy . 
NEGATIVE:0 bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies . this is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer . 
NEGATIVE:0 lacking substance and soul , crossroads comes up shorter than britney's cutoffs . 
POSITIVE:1 this movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one , but it's not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it . 
NEGATIVE:0 ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie gets muted and routine . 
NEGATIVE:0 bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone . 
NEGATIVE:0 payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran's electoral process , but the result is a film that's about as subtle as a party political broadcast . 
POSITIVE:1 you might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see " simone , " and consider a dvd rental instead . 
NEGATIVE:0 there seems to be no clear path as to where the story's going , or how long it's going to take to get there . 
NEGATIVE:0 as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them . 
POSITIVE:1 it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should . 
NEGATIVE:0 whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black . 
POSITIVE:1 she may not be real , but the laughs are . 
POSITIVE:1 a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish . 
POSITIVE:1 makes one thing abundantly clear . american musical comedy as we know it wouldn't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun's-sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway . 
POSITIVE:1 writer-director david jacobson and his star , jeremy renner , have made a remarkable film that explores the monster's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted . 
POSITIVE:1 engagingly captures the maddening and magnetic ebb and flow of friendship . 
POSITIVE:1 we know the plot's a little crazy , but it held my interest from start to finish . 
POSITIVE:1 highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . spiced with humor ( 'i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) and witty updatings ( silver's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around ) 
POSITIVE:1 writer-director burger imaginatively fans the embers of a dormant national grief and curiosity that has calcified into chronic cynicism and fear . 
NEGATIVE:0 the title helpfully offers the most succinct review of it you'll read anywhere . 
POSITIVE:1 old people will love this movie , and i mean that in the nicest possible way : last orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship . 
POSITIVE:1 my little eye is the best little " horror " movie i've seen in years . 
NEGATIVE:0 for close to two hours the audience is forced to endure three terminally depressed , mostly inarticulate , hyper dysfunctional families for the price of one . 
POSITIVE:1 clever , brutal and strangely soulful movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 i'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche . 
NEGATIVE:0 not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired . 
NEGATIVE:0 bland but harmless . 
POSITIVE:1 between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism . 
NEGATIVE:0 represents something very close to the nadir of the thriller/horror genre . 
NEGATIVE:0 highly uneven and inconsistent . . . margarita happy hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within . 
NEGATIVE:0 so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it cannot even be dubbed hedonistic . 
POSITIVE:1 defies logic , the laws of physics and almost anyone's willingness to believe in it . but darned if it doesn't also keep us riveted to our seats . 
POSITIVE:1 while cherish doesn't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem . 
POSITIVE:1 i won't argue with anyone who calls 'slackers' dumb , insulting , or childish . . . but i laughed so much that i didn't mind . 
NEGATIVE:0 with mcconaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd . 
POSITIVE:1 for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it's like dying and going to celluloid heaven . 
NEGATIVE:0 ice cube isn't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin . 
POSITIVE:1 a deliciously mordant , bitter black comedy . 
POSITIVE:1 worse than 'silence of the lambs' better than 'hannibal'
NEGATIVE:0 boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms isn't it . 
POSITIVE:1 there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it's going to be a trip . igby goes down is one of those movies . 
NEGATIVE:0 the isolated moments of creative insanity finally are lost in the thin soup of canned humor . 
NEGATIVE:0 what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else . 
POSITIVE:1 as a vehicle to savour binoche's skill , the film is well worthwhile . 
NEGATIVE:0 complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold . 
POSITIVE:1 sandra nettelbeck beautifully orchestrates the transformation of the chilly , neurotic , and self-absorbed martha as her heart begins to open . 
POSITIVE:1 a good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold . a case in point : doug pray's scratch . 
POSITIVE:1 red dragon makes one appreciate silence of the lambs . 
NEGATIVE:0 you've already seen heartbreak if you've watched the far superior nurse betty or sunset boulevard . even the unwatchable soapdish is more original . 
NEGATIVE:0 confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve . 
NEGATIVE:0 below is well below expectations . 
NEGATIVE:0 soul is what's lacking in every character in this movie and , subsequently , the movie itself . 
NEGATIVE:0 a faster paced family flick . upper teens may get cynical . smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . there's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise . 
NEGATIVE:0 the french director has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing . 
POSITIVE:1 a harrowing account of a psychological breakdown . 
NEGATIVE:0 schneidermeister . . . makin' a fool of himself . . . losin' his fan base . . . 
POSITIVE:1 smart , provocative and blisteringly funny . 
NEGATIVE:0 every good actor needs to do his or her own hamlet . for benigni it wasn't shakespeare whom he wanted to define his career with but pinocchio . it might as well have been problem child iv . 
POSITIVE:1 whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us . if horses could fly , this is surely what they'd look like . 
NEGATIVE:0 too bad writer-director adam rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle's carpets . 
POSITIVE:1 a surprisingly funny movie . 
POSITIVE:1 samuel beckett applied to the iranian voting process . 
POSITIVE:1 here polanski looks back on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably . 
POSITIVE:1 an endlessly fascinating , landmark movie that is as bold as anything the cinema has seen in years . 
NEGATIVE:0 the screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children . 
POSITIVE:1 intriguing and beautiful film , but those of you who read the book are likely to be disappointed . 
NEGATIVE:0 there are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film . it's makes a better travelogue than movie . 
POSITIVE:1 fuller would surely have called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn . 
POSITIVE:1 wow , so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ? 
NEGATIVE:0 [a] soulless , stupid sequel . . . 
POSITIVE:1 stephen rea , aidan quinn , and alan bates play desmond's legal eagles , and when joined by brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , 'tis . 
POSITIVE:1 the transporter is as lively and as fun as it is unapologetically dumb
NEGATIVE:0 bad in such a bizarre way that it's almost worth seeing , if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste . 
NEGATIVE:0 most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement . 
POSITIVE:1 it'll keep you wide awake and . . . very tense . 
POSITIVE:1 while this has the making of melodrama , the filmmaker cuts against this natural grain , producing a work that's more interested in asking questions than in answering them . 
NEGATIVE:0 shreve's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera . 
NEGATIVE:0 bad company . bad movie . just plain bad . 
NEGATIVE:0 as his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in long time dead says 'i'm telling you , this is f * * * ed' . maybe he was reading the minds of the audience . 
POSITIVE:1 i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound . 
POSITIVE:1 what saves it . . . and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice . 
NEGATIVE:0 patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet . 
NEGATIVE:0 one thing is for sure : this movie does not tell you a whole lot about lily chou-chou . 
NEGATIVE:0 clever but not especially compelling . 
POSITIVE:1 in addition to hoffman's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday . 
POSITIVE:1 most consumers of lo mein and general tso's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . 
NEGATIVE:0 propelled not by characters but by caricatures . 
POSITIVE:1 makes even the claustrophobic on-board quarters seem fun . 
POSITIVE:1 filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels . so , too , is this comedy about mild culture clashing in today's new delhi . 
POSITIVE:1 this isn't exactly profound cinema , but it's good-natured and sometimes quite funny . 
POSITIVE:1 pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness , but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins . 
POSITIVE:1 labute masterfully balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other . something for everyone . 
NEGATIVE:0 the holiday message of the 37-minute santa vs . the snowman leaves a lot to be desired . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 . 
POSITIVE:1 the work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims . 
POSITIVE:1 [a] smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks . 
NEGATIVE:0 absolutely ( and unintentionally ) terrifying . 
NEGATIVE:0 the story itself is actually quite vapid . 
NEGATIVE:0 despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow , the weight of water is oppressively heavy . 
POSITIVE:1 at the end , when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside . 
POSITIVE:1 it's fairly solid--not to mention well edited so that it certainly doesn't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark . 
NEGATIVE:0 in the telling of a story largely untold , bui chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar . 
POSITIVE:1 you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie succumbs to being nothing more than a formulaic chase in the dark . 
POSITIVE:1 because eight legged freaks is partly an homage to them , tarantula and other low- budget b-movie thrillers of the 1950s and '60s , the movie is a silly ( but not sophomoric ) romp through horror and hellish conditions . 
POSITIVE:1 spielberg's picture is smarter and subtler than [total recall and blade runner] , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences . 
POSITIVE:1 gives us a lot to chew on , but not all of it has been properly digested . 
NEGATIVE:0 oops , she's really done it this time . that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel . 
POSITIVE:1 definitely funny stuff , but it's more of the 'laughing at' variety than the 'laughing with . '
NEGATIVE:0 if disney's cinderella proved that 'a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then cinderella ii proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio's wallet makes . 
POSITIVE:1 visually , 'santa clause 2' is wondrously creative . 
POSITIVE:1 high on melodrama . but it's emotionally engrossing , too , thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast . 
POSITIVE:1 while its careful pace and seemingly opaque story may not satisfy every moviegoer's appetite , the film's final scene is soaringly , transparently moving . 
POSITIVE:1 tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances . 
NEGATIVE:0 fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience . 
POSITIVE:1 watstein handily directs and edits around his screenplay's sappier elements . . . and sustains off the hook's buildup with remarkable assuredness for a first-timer . 
POSITIVE:1 do we really need a 77-minute film to tell us exactly why a romantic relationship between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman doesn't work ? 
NEGATIVE:0 newcomer helmer kevin donovan is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept – a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman . 
POSITIVE:1 jarecki and gibney do find enough material to bring kissinger's record into question and explain how the diplomat's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives . 
POSITIVE:1 an uplifting , near-masterpiece . 
NEGATIVE:0 by the end , you just don't care whether that cold-hearted snake petrovich ( that would be reno ) gets his comeuppance . just bring on the battle bots , please ! 
NEGATIVE:0 two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity . 
NEGATIVE:0 i'll go out on a limb . it isn't quite one of the worst movies of the year . it's just merely very bad . 
NEGATIVE:0 a story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence of a film , a southern gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's harmless , diverting fluff . but it's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre . 
NEGATIVE:0 philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess . 
NEGATIVE:0 despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title , writer-director peter mattei's first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy . 
POSITIVE:1 it seems grant doesn't need the floppy hair and the self-deprecating stammers after all . 
POSITIVE:1 [woo's] most resonant film since the killer . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's a grab bag of genres that don't add up to a whole lot of sense . 
NEGATIVE:0 lawrence preaches strictly to the converted . 
NEGATIVE:0 sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50 . 
NEGATIVE:0 an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as katzenberg's the prince of egypt from 1998 . 
POSITIVE:1 as blunt as it is in depicting child abuse , el bola is a movie steeped in an ambiguity that lends its conflicts a symbolic resonance . 
POSITIVE:1 'they' begins and ends with scenes so terrifying i'm still stunned . and i've decided to leave a light on every night from now on . 
NEGATIVE:0 one of those pictures whose promising , if rather precious , premise is undercut by amateurish execution . 
NEGATIVE:0 i was sent a copyof this film to review on dvd . for free . i still want my money back . 
POSITIVE:1 meyjes' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil . 
NEGATIVE:0 to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor . 
POSITIVE:1 it's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids . 
POSITIVE:1 though it never rises to its full potential as a film , still offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed . 
NEGATIVE:0 feels slight , as if it were an extended short , albeit one made by the smartest kids in class . 
POSITIVE:1 an incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams . 
NEGATIVE:0 a thinly veiled excuse for wilson to play his self-deprecating act against murphy's well-honed prima donna shtick . 
POSITIVE:1 as teen movies go , " orange county " is a refreshing change
POSITIVE:1 all comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad . 
NEGATIVE:0 two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all . 
POSITIVE:1 vividly demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop . 
POSITIVE:1 a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives . 
NEGATIVE:0 is the time really ripe for a warmed-over james bond adventure , with a village idiot as the 007 clone ? 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy . 
NEGATIVE:0 a full-frontal attack on audience patience . 
POSITIVE:1 pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance . 
NEGATIVE:0 i was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither . 
POSITIVE:1 this often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal . 
POSITIVE:1 sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy . . . attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called 'my husband is travis bickle' . 
NEGATIVE:0 scorsese doesn't give us a character worth giving a damn about . 
POSITIVE:1 cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film's maudlin focus on the young woman's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking . 
NEGATIVE:0 the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down . 
NEGATIVE:0 the soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot . 
NEGATIVE:0 a frustrating 'tweener' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls . 
NEGATIVE:0 as social exposé , skins has its heart in the right place , but that's not much to hang a soap opera on . 
NEGATIVE:0 incoherence reigns . 
NEGATIVE:0 skip this dreck , rent animal house and go back to the source . 
POSITIVE:1 when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we'd live in if argento's hollywood counterparts . . . had this much imagination and nerve . 
NEGATIVE:0 trailer park magnolia : too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all . 
POSITIVE:1 leigh makes these lives count . and he allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range . 
NEGATIVE:0 as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else . 
NEGATIVE:0 a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart . 
POSITIVE:1 leading a double life in an american film only comes to no good , but not here . matters play out realistically if not always fairly . 
POSITIVE:1 a graceful , contemplative film that gradually and artfully draws us into a world where the personal and the political get fatally intertwined . 
POSITIVE:1 the subtle strength of " elling " is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation . 
NEGATIVE:0 this series should have died long ago , but they keep bringing it back another day as punishment for paying money to see the last james bond movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 taken individually or collectively , the stories never add up to as much as they promise . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams . 
POSITIVE:1 a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord . 
POSITIVE:1 the cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story . 
POSITIVE:1 insanely hilarious ! i haven't laughed that hard in years ! 
NEGATIVE:0 the film doesn't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences . 
NEGATIVE:0 you leave feeling like you've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing . 
NEGATIVE:0 proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness . 
POSITIVE:1 schaeffer isn't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does . 
POSITIVE:1 sure , it's more of the same , but as the film proves , that's not always a bad thing . 
NEGATIVE:0 too often , the viewer isn't reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance . 
NEGATIVE:0 things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content . 
POSITIVE:1 it's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter . 
POSITIVE:1 a three-hour cinema master class . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is a train wreck of an action film -- a stupefying attempt by the filmmakers to force-feed james bond into the mindless xxx mold and throw 40 years of cinematic history down the toilet in favor of bright flashes and loud bangs . 
NEGATIVE:0 needless to say , the dramatics that follow are utter hooey . 
POSITIVE:1 a stylistic romp that's always fun to watch . 
POSITIVE:1 real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way . 
NEGATIVE:0 while much of the cast has charm -- especially allodi and nolden -- the performers are sunk by the film's primitive approach to the mechanics of comedy . 
POSITIVE:1 for all its serious sense of purpose . . . [it] finds a way to lay bare the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor . 
NEGATIVE:0 nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises . 
POSITIVE:1 woven together handsomely , recalling sixties' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to don't look back . 
NEGATIVE:0 an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
NEGATIVE:0 excessive , profane , packed with cartoonish violence and comic-strip characters . 
POSITIVE:1 the members manage to pronounce kok exactly as you think they might , thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible . it's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle . 
POSITIVE:1 at its worst , the movie is pretty diverting ; the pity is that it rarely achieves its best . 
NEGATIVE:0 worth seeing once , but its charm quickly fades . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's everything you don't go to the movies for . 
NEGATIVE:0 purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging . oh , and more entertaining , too . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's tommy's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you'll feel like mopping up , too . 
NEGATIVE:0 the 70-year-old godard has become , to judge from in praise of love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them . 
NEGATIVE:0 fairly run-of-the-mill . 
NEGATIVE:0 boyd's screenplay ( co-written with guardian hack nick davies ) has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon . 
NEGATIVE:0 whatever about warning kids about the dangers of ouija boards , someone should dispense the same advice to film directors . 
NEGATIVE:0 most of the problems with the film don't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
POSITIVE:1 one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning . 
NEGATIVE:0 the story itself is uninteresting , and the songs are painfully undistinguished : they might be giants' so to be one of us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed . 
NEGATIVE:0 the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants . . . who might be distracted by the movie's quick movements and sounds . 
NEGATIVE:0 a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this isn't . 
NEGATIVE:0 john carlen's script is full of unhappy , two-dimensional characters who are anything but compelling . 
POSITIVE:1 lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a lovely film with lovely performances by buy and accorsi . 
NEGATIVE:0 this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience . 
NEGATIVE:0 a nearly 21/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent . 
NEGATIVE:0 for casual moviegoers who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson's creek , they'll probably run out screaming . 
POSITIVE:1 the film has just enough of everything -- re-enactments , archival footage , talking-head interviews -- and the music is simply sublime . 
POSITIVE:1 there's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us . 
POSITIVE:1 deepa mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world . 
POSITIVE:1 i can't say that i liked homeboy ; it'd be more accurate to say that i found it intriguing , bizarre , dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful , in its way . 
POSITIVE:1 good , solid storytelling . 
NEGATIVE:0 [tries] to parody a genre that's already a joke in the united states . the movie is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay . 
POSITIVE:1 'enigma' is the kind of engaging historical drama that hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of 'we were soldiers . '
POSITIVE:1 the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away . 
NEGATIVE:0 after a while , hoffman's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial . 
POSITIVE:1 my goodness , queen latifah has a lot to offer and she seemed to have no problem flaunting her natural gifts . she must have a very strong back . 
POSITIVE:1 captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world . 
POSITIVE:1 lauren ambrose comes alive under the attention from two strangers in town - with honest performances and realistic interaction between the characters , this is a coming-of-age story with a twist . 
POSITIVE:1 without [de niro] , city by the sea would slip under the waves . he drags it back , single-handed . 
NEGATIVE:0 the problem isn't that the movie hits so close to home so much as that it hits close to home while engaging in such silliness as that snake-down-the-throat business and the inevitable shot of schwarzenegger outrunning a fireball . 
POSITIVE:1 spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie . 
POSITIVE:1 it's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen . 
NEGATIVE:0 it feels like a community theater production of a great broadway play : even at its best , it will never hold a candle to the original . 
POSITIVE:1 the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes . 
POSITIVE:1 fantastic ! 
POSITIVE:1 [a] thoughtful , visually graceful work . 
POSITIVE:1 a fine film , but it would be a lot better if it stuck to betty fisher and left out the other stories . 
POSITIVE:1 the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make . 
POSITIVE:1 call me a wimp , but i cried , not once , but three times in this animated sweet film . 
POSITIVE:1 there's very little sense to what's going on here , but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash . 
NEGATIVE:0 eccentric enough to stave off doldrums , caruso's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable . 
NEGATIVE:0 a half-assed film . 
POSITIVE:1 watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat . 
NEGATIVE:0 if you're not the target demographic . . . this movie is one long chick-flick slog . 
NEGATIVE:0 totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are the greatest musicians of all time . 
NEGATIVE:0 self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable . 
NEGATIVE:0 done in mostly by a weak script that can't support the epic treatment . 
NEGATIVE:0 how many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ? 
POSITIVE:1 the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations . 
POSITIVE:1 charming and witty , it's also somewhat clumsy . 
NEGATIVE:0 theology aside , why put someone who ultimately doesn't learn at the center of a kids' story ? 
NEGATIVE:0 it's a trifle of a movie , with a few laughs surrounding an unremarkable soft center . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in there's something about mary and devise a parallel clone-gag . 
POSITIVE:1 a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun . 
POSITIVE:1 an enthralling , playful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the 'truth' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that derrida would doubtless give his blessing to . 
POSITIVE:1 vampire epic succeeds as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order . 
NEGATIVE:0 doesn't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films . 
POSITIVE:1 if steven soderbergh's 'solaris' is a failure it is a glorious failure . 
NEGATIVE:0 wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime . 
POSITIVE:1 a dreadful day in irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment . 
POSITIVE:1 she's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness . 
POSITIVE:1 now trimmed by about 20 minutes , this lavish three-year-old production has enough grandeur and scale to satisfy as grown-up escapism . 
POSITIVE:1 an intriguing and entertaining introduction to johnson . 
POSITIVE:1 is red dragon worthy of a place alongside the other hannibal movies ? as hannibal would say , yes , 'it's like having an old friend for dinner' . 
POSITIVE:1 it turns out to be a cut above the norm , thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting . 
POSITIVE:1 take care of my cat offers a refreshingly different slice of asian cinema . 
NEGATIVE:0 kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera . 
NEGATIVE:0 call me a cynic , but there's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is a great subject for a movie , but hollywood has squandered the opportunity , using it as a prop for warmed-over melodrama and the kind of choreographed mayhem that director john woo has built his career on . 
POSITIVE:1 it is interesting and fun to see goodall and her chimpanzees on the bigger-than-life screen . 
POSITIVE:1 beautifully directed and convincingly acted . 
NEGATIVE:0 when the film ended , i felt tired and drained and wanted to lie on my own deathbed for a while . 
NEGATIVE:0  " one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? " um… . . isn't that the basis for the entire plot ? 
POSITIVE:1 this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior ) , but it feels like unrealized potential
NEGATIVE:0 an awful snooze . 
NEGATIVE:0 two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning . 
POSITIVE:1 though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film virtually chokes on its own self-consciousness . 
POSITIVE:1 intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being . 
POSITIVE:1 a generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith . 
POSITIVE:1 without resorting to camp or parody , haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange . 
POSITIVE:1 a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock . 
NEGATIVE:0 the central character isn't complex enough to hold our interest . 
NEGATIVE:0 once she lets her love depraved leads meet , [denis'] story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
NEGATIVE:0 another in-your-face wallow in the lower depths made by people who have never sung those blues . 
NEGATIVE:0 to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved . 
POSITIVE:1 this isn't a stand up and cheer flick ; it's a sit down and ponder affair . and thanks to kline's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable . 
NEGATIVE:0 the issue of faith is not explored very deeply
NEGATIVE:0 fails to bring as much to the table . 
POSITIVE:1 the mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a t . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . hopefully it'll be at the dollar theatres by the time christmas rolls around . wait to see it then . 
NEGATIVE:0 helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome . 
POSITIVE:1 a smart , compelling drama . 
NEGATIVE:0 movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation . how about surprising us by trying something new ? 
NEGATIVE:0 a working class " us vs . them " opera that leaves no heartstring untugged and no liberal cause unplundered . 
POSITIVE:1 good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat . 
POSITIVE:1 like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen's astringent wit . 
POSITIVE:1 there's something auspicious , and daring , too , about the artistic instinct that pushes a majority-oriented director like steven spielberg to follow a . i . with this challenging report so liable to unnerve the majority . 
NEGATIVE:0 characters still need to function according to some set of believable and comprehensible impulses , no matter how many drugs they do or how much artistic license avary employs . 
POSITIVE:1 there was time on that second round to see the subtleties of ramsay's portrait of grief . 
POSITIVE:1 amazing ! a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing ! 
NEGATIVE:0 make no mistake , ivans xtc . is a mess . 
NEGATIVE:0 one of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way . 
POSITIVE:1 a chilling movie without oppressive gore . 
POSITIVE:1 colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical . . . the rare sequel that's better than its predecessor . 
POSITIVE:1 made-up lampoons the moviemaking process itself , while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on america's skin-deep notions of pulchritude . 
POSITIVE:1 a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale . 
NEGATIVE:0 is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ? 
NEGATIVE:0 despite bearing the paramount imprint , it's a bargain-basement european pickup . what's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up . wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
NEGATIVE:0 a hit- and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped . 
NEGATIVE:0 [n]o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness . 
NEGATIVE:0  it feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects , and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes . 
NEGATIVE:0 circuit queens won't learn a thing , they'll be too busy cursing the film's strategically placed white sheets . 
NEGATIVE:0 to call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it . 
NEGATIVE:0 a sterling film - a cross between boys don't cry , deliverance , and ode to billy joe - lies somewhere in the story of matthew shepard , but that film is yet to be made . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy , it doesn't disappoint . 
NEGATIVE:0 director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , but showtime's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks . 
POSITIVE:1 an absorbing , slice-of-depression life that touches nerves and rings true . 
POSITIVE:1 with each of her three protagonists , miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path . 
NEGATIVE:0 will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss . but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted . 
NEGATIVE:0 a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact . 
NEGATIVE:0 has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that seagal's overweight and out of shape . 
POSITIVE:1 if [jaglom's] latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing . 
POSITIVE:1 one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but . . . also one of the most curiously depressing . 
NEGATIVE:0 ja rule and kurupt should have gotten to rap . it would have benefitted the dialogue . 
NEGATIVE:0 while glover , the irrepressible eccentric of river's edge , dead man and back to the future , is perfect casting for the role , he represents bartleby's main overall flaw . 
POSITIVE:1 clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up . 
POSITIVE:1 on its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny . 
POSITIVE:1 isabelle huppert excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol's most intense psychological mysteries . 
POSITIVE:1 this is cool , slick stuff , ready to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters . 
POSITIVE:1 the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's obvious [je-gyu is] trying for poetry ; what he gets instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom . 
POSITIVE:1 horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth . 
NEGATIVE:0 the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare's macbeth doesn't sustain a high enough level of invention . 
POSITIVE:1 all three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents . 
NEGATIVE:0 gibney and jarecki just want to string the bastard up . 
NEGATIVE:0 whereas last year's exemplary sexy beast seemed to revitalize the british gangster movie , this equally brutal outing merely sustains it . 
POSITIVE:1 peppering this urban study with references to norwegian folktales , villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical . 
POSITIVE:1 lan yu is at times too restrained , yet there are moments it captures the erotics of intimacy in a way that makes most american love stories look downright unfree . 
POSITIVE:1 soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film . what's left is a rich stew of longing . 
NEGATIVE:0 one sloughs one's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot . 
NEGATIVE:0 the animation merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies . 
NEGATIVE:0 beyond a handful of mildly amusing lines . . . there just isn't much to laugh at . 
NEGATIVE:0 dull , lifeless , and amateurishly assembled . 
POSITIVE:1 jason x has cheesy effects and a hoary plot , but its macabre , self-deprecating sense of humor makes up for a lot . 
POSITIVE:1 a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure . 
POSITIVE:1 a poignant and compelling story about relationships , food of love takes us on a bumpy but satisfying journey of the heart . 
POSITIVE:1 it won't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , finch's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee . 
POSITIVE:1 payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human . 
NEGATIVE:0 while hoffman's performance is great , the subject matter goes nowhere . 
POSITIVE:1 that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed . 
POSITIVE:1 in scope , ambition and accomplishment , children of the century . . . takes kurys' career to a whole new level . 
POSITIVE:1 boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun . 
NEGATIVE:0 feels like six different movies fighting each other for attention . 
NEGATIVE:0 far more enjoyable than its predecessor . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film's essentially over by the meet-cute . 
POSITIVE:1 audiences conditioned to getting weepy over saucer-eyed , downy-cheeked moppets and their empathetic caretakers will probably feel emotionally cheated by the film's tart , sugar-free wit . 
POSITIVE:1 consistently clever and suspenseful . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a refreshing change from the self-interest and paranoia that shape most american representations of castro . 
POSITIVE:1 this isn't a narrative film -- i don't know if it's possible to make a narrative film about september 11th , though i'm sure some will try -- but it's as close as anyone has dared to come . 
NEGATIVE:0 large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year's radar screen that it's tempting just to go with it for the ride . but this time , the old mib label stands for milder isn't better . 
POSITIVE:1 audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant . 
NEGATIVE:0 an extraordinarily silly thriller . 
NEGATIVE:0 a family-friendly fantasy that ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise . 
POSITIVE:1 tony gayton's script doesn't give us anything we haven't seen before , but director d . j . caruso's grimy visual veneer and kilmer's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably . 
POSITIVE:1 the determination of pinochet's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop . 
NEGATIVE:0 sad nonsense , this . but not without cheesy fun factor . 
NEGATIVE:0 less about shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw quentin tarantino's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations . 
POSITIVE:1 a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film . 
NEGATIVE:0 except as an acting exercise or an exceptionally dark joke , you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made . 
POSITIVE:1 an engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who's being conned right up to the finale . 
NEGATIVE:0 the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this ; i assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies' underwear . 
POSITIVE:1 the observations of this social/economic/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony . 
NEGATIVE:0 director uwe boll and writer robert dean klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , cannot overcome blah characters . 
POSITIVE:1 a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades . 
POSITIVE:1 another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez . 
NEGATIVE:0 this piece of channel 5 grade trash is , quite frankly , an insult to the intelligence of the true genre enthusiast . 
POSITIVE:1 the message is that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another . 
POSITIVE:1 a solid piece of journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy . 
POSITIVE:1 jirí hubac's script is a gem . his characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving . the scope of the silberstein family is large and we grow attached to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality . . 
POSITIVE:1 an ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation . 
NEGATIVE:0 benigni's pinocchio is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow . 
POSITIVE:1 once again , director jackson strikes a rewarding balance between emotion on the human scale and action/effects on the spectacular scale . 
NEGATIVE:0 the master of disguise is awful . it's pauly shore awful . don't say you weren't warned . 
POSITIVE:1 the film is quiet , threatening and unforgettable . 
POSITIVE:1 an undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band . 
NEGATIVE:0 sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence . 
NEGATIVE:0 i would have preferred a transfer down the hall to mr . holland's class for the music , or to robin williams's lecture so i could listen to a teacher with humor , passion , and verve . 
NEGATIVE:0 blue crush is so prolonged and boring it isn't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be . 
POSITIVE:1 contradicts everything we've come to expect from movies nowadays . instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way . 
NEGATIVE:0 uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth . 
NEGATIVE:0 little more than a well-mounted history lesson . 
NEGATIVE:0 fear dot com is so rambling and disconnected it never builds any suspense . 
POSITIVE:1 you could say that it's slow at times , you could say that a few of the characters act in ways that real people wouldn't , but one thing you couldn't say is that alias betty is predictable . 
POSITIVE:1 dazzling and sugar-sweet , a blast of shallow magnificence that only sex , scandal , and a chorus line of dangerous damsels can deliver . 
POSITIVE:1 the path ice age follows most closely , though , is the one established by warner bros . giant chuck jones , who died a matter of weeks before the movie's release . 
POSITIVE:1 a startling and fresh examination of how the bike still remains an ambiguous icon in chinese society . 
POSITIVE:1 one of the most haunting , viciously honest coming-of-age films in recent memory . 
POSITIVE:1 the performances are an absolute joy . 
NEGATIVE:0 where tom green stages his gags as assaults on america's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval . 
POSITIVE:1 you should pay nine bucks for this : because you can hear about suffering afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected . dramas like this make it human . 
POSITIVE:1 watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power . 
NEGATIVE:0 there are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them . 
POSITIVE:1 it says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . ambition is in short supply in the cinema , and egoyan tackles his themes and explores his characters' crises with seriousness and compassion . 
NEGATIVE:0 they're going through the motions , but the zip is gone . 
NEGATIVE:0 maybe it's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages , but something aboul " full frontal " seems , well , contrived . 
NEGATIVE:0 hardman is a grating , mannered onscreen presence , which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast . 
POSITIVE:1 features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film . 
NEGATIVE:0 if there's one thing this world needs less of , it's movies about college that are written and directed by people who couldn't pass an entrance exam . 
NEGATIVE:0 if you saw it on tv , you'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 a thriller without a lot of thrills . 
POSITIVE:1 effective but too-tepid biopic
POSITIVE:1 for the most part stevens glides through on some solid performances and witty dialogue . 
POSITIVE:1 intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery . 
NEGATIVE:0 sushi for the connoisseurs of the macabre . 
NEGATIVE:0 a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of . 
POSITIVE:1 pray has really done his subject justice . 
POSITIVE:1 very solid , very watchable first feature for director peter sheridan
POSITIVE:1 this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f . kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative . 
POSITIVE:1 even if the ring has a familiar ring , it's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror . 
NEGATIVE:0 the secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again . 
POSITIVE:1 vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores . 
NEGATIVE:0 the origin story is well told , and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books . it's in the action scenes that things fall apart . 
POSITIVE:1 i loved the look of this film . 
POSITIVE:1 exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real strength . 
POSITIVE:1 unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck . 
NEGATIVE:0 it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there's a little girl-on-girl action . 
POSITIVE:1 a compelling spanish film about the withering effects of jealousy in the life of a young monarch whose sexual passion for her husband becomes an obsession . 
NEGATIVE:0 a major waste . . . generic . 
NEGATIVE:0 much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date . 
POSITIVE:1 the saturation bombing of reggio's images and glass' evocative music . . . ultimately leaves viewers with the task of divining meaning . 
POSITIVE:1 like mike isn't interested in recycling old cliches . it wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor . 
POSITIVE:1 the beauty of alexander payne's ode to the everyman is in the details . 
NEGATIVE:0 humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention . 
POSITIVE:1 a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad . 
NEGATIVE:0 morrissette's script and direction show a fair amount of intelligence and wit -- but it doesn't signify a whole lot either . 
POSITIVE:1 it grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration . 
NEGATIVE:0 a cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial . 
POSITIVE:1 whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck . 
POSITIVE:1 stuart's poor-me persona needs a whole bunch of snowball's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating . but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan , the adventure is on red alert . 
POSITIVE:1 if you liked such movies as notting hill , four weddings and a funeral , bridget jones' diary or high fidelity , then you won't want to miss about a boy . 
NEGATIVE:0 much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there isn't much there here . 
NEGATIVE:0 the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student--where's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ? 
POSITIVE:1 the warm presence of zhao benshan makes the preposterous lying hero into something more than he reasonably should be . 
NEGATIVE:0 your taste for jonah - a veggie tales movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the holy spirit . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film's darker moments become smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings , especially in the last few cloying moments . 
POSITIVE:1  " nicholas nickleby " is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there's no new " a christmas carol " out in the theaters this year . charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero . 
POSITIVE:1 romanek's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals . beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures . 
POSITIVE:1 i'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent . 
POSITIVE:1 it seems like i have been waiting my whole life for this movie and now i can't wait for the sequel . 
POSITIVE:1 there is a kind of attentive concern that hoffman brings to his characters , as if he has been giving them private lessons , and now it is time for their first public recital . 
POSITIVE:1 a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature . 
POSITIVE:1 inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss . 
POSITIVE:1 ms . hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda's ultimate fate . 
POSITIVE:1 an enjoyably half-wit remake of the venerable italian comedy big deal on madonna street . 
NEGATIVE:0 with generic sets and b-grade special effects , jason is about as convincing on the sci-fi front as tv's defunct cleopatra 2525 . 
NEGATIVE:0 none of these characters resembles anyone you've ever met in real life , unless you happen to know annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter . 
POSITIVE:1 directed with purpose and finesse by england's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft . 
POSITIVE:1 the year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie is a mess from start to finish . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie , while beautiful , feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it . 
NEGATIVE:0 meandering , sub-aquatic mess : it's so bad it's good , but only if you slide in on a freebie . 
POSITIVE:1 legendary irish writer brendan behan's memoir , borstal boy , has been given a loving screen transferral . 
POSITIVE:1 this is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal . 
NEGATIVE:0 in this film , aussie david caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of guy ritchie . 
NEGATIVE:0 the vintage is pure '87 , with a halfhearted twist on its cautionary message : fatal attraction = don't have an affair with a nutjob ; unfaithful = don't if you're married to one . 
POSITIVE:1 hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining . 
NEGATIVE:0 the fourth in a series that i'll bet most parents had thought --hoped ! -- was a fad that had long since vanished . 
POSITIVE:1 a meditation on faith and madness , frailty is blood-curdling stuff . 
POSITIVE:1 an excellent romp that boasts both a heart and a mind . 
NEGATIVE:0 what's most offensive isn't the waste of a good cast , but the film's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism . 
NEGATIVE:0 with a completely predictable plot , you'll swear that you've seen it all before , even if you've never come within a mile of the longest yard . 
POSITIVE:1 if you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time . 
POSITIVE:1 extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten . 
POSITIVE:1 confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk . 
NEGATIVE:0 the result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel . 
NEGATIVE:0 the band performances featured in drumline are red hot . . . [but] from a mere story point of view , the film's ice cold . 
NEGATIVE:0 swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is a particularly toxic little bonbon , palatable to only a chosen and very jaundiced few . 
NEGATIVE:0 at times , it actually hurts to watch . 
NEGATIVE:0 the romance between the leads isn't as compelling or as believable as it should be . 
NEGATIVE:0 star trek : nemesis meekly goes where nearly every star trek movie has gone before . wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by silly putty and kmart blue-light-special effects all conspire to test trekkie loyalty . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous . 
POSITIVE:1 one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made . 
POSITIVE:1 great over-the-top moviemaking if you're in a slap-happy mood . 
POSITIVE:1 an impressive debut for first-time writer-director mark romanek , especially considering his background is in music video . 
POSITIVE:1 director juan jose campanella could have turned this into an argentine retread of " iris " or " american beauty , " but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films . 
NEGATIVE:0 chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama . 
NEGATIVE:0 … is an arthritic attempt at directing by callie khouri . i had to look away - this was god awful . 
POSITIVE:1 i found myself liking the film , though in this case one man's treasure could prove to be another man's garbage . 
NEGATIVE:0 ultimately , sarah's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness . 
NEGATIVE:0 like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories . 
POSITIVE:1 just another fish-out-of-water story that barely stays afloat . 
POSITIVE:1 it's the sweet cinderella story that " pretty woman " wanted to be . 
NEGATIVE:0 sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness . 
NEGATIVE:0 may puzzle his most ardent fans . 
POSITIVE:1 if you're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you're at the right film . 
POSITIVE:1 that death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world's religions . this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications . 
NEGATIVE:0 uneasy mishmash of styles and genres . 
NEGATIVE:0 [johnnie to and wai ka fai are] sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers . 
POSITIVE:1 it's clear that mehta simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent . 
NEGATIVE:0 reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again , and ryoko hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's not original , and , robbed of the element of surprise , it doesn't have any huge laughs in its story of irresponsible cops who love to play pranks . 
NEGATIVE:0 as original and insightful as last week's episode of behind the music . 
POSITIVE:1 chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident . 
POSITIVE:1 you could love safe conduct ( laissez passer ) for being a subtitled french movie that is 170 minutes long . you could hate it for the same reason . 
POSITIVE:1 believes so fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic , and it is too cute by half . but arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us . 
NEGATIVE:0 as is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , mr . murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold . 
NEGATIVE:0 slapstick buffoonery can tickle many a preschooler's fancy , but when it costs a family of four about $40 to see a film in theaters , why spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead ? 
NEGATIVE:0 there's something deeply creepy about never again , a new arrow in schaeffer's quiver of ineptitudes . 
POSITIVE:1 no one goes unindicted here , which is probably for the best . and if you're not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes , you've got ice water in your veins . 
POSITIVE:1 but this is not a movie about an inhuman monster ; it's about a very human one . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's no question that epps scores once or twice , but it's telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head . 
NEGATIVE:0 ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action . 
NEGATIVE:0 jonah is only so-so . . . the addition of a biblical message will either improve the film for you , or it will lessen it . 
NEGATIVE:0 i saw knockaround guys yesterday , and already the details have faded like photographs from the spanish-american war . . . it's so unmemorable that it turned my ballpoint notes to invisible ink . 
NEGATIVE:0 don't let your festive spirit go this far . 
POSITIVE:1 a perfectly competent and often imaginative film that lacks what little lilo & stitch had in spades -- charisma . 
NEGATIVE:0 somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems , but the field of roughage dominates . 
POSITIVE:1 the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible . 
POSITIVE:1 it understands , in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking . 
NEGATIVE:0 no telegraphing is too obvious or simplistic for this movie . 
POSITIVE:1 a fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries . 
NEGATIVE:0 director uwe boll and the actors provide scant reason to care in this crude '70s throwback . 
NEGATIVE:0 shanghai ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story , but you might want to think twice before booking passage . 
NEGATIVE:0 with the exception of some fleetingly amusing improvisations by cedric the entertainer as perry's boss , there isn't a redeeming moment here . 
POSITIVE:1 anchored by friel and williams's exceptional performances , the film's power lies in its complexity . nothing is black and white . 
POSITIVE:1 passable entertainment , but it's the kind of motion picture that won't make much of a splash when it's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards . 
POSITIVE:1 payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he's the best brush in the business . 
POSITIVE:1 the tone is balanced , reflective and reasonable . 
POSITIVE:1 it's refreshing to see a romance this smart . 
NEGATIVE:0 director chris eyre is going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking . 
NEGATIVE:0 if this is satire , it's the smug and self-congratulatory kind that lets the audience completely off the hook . 
NEGATIVE:0 an intriguing near-miss . 
POSITIVE:1 it will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster . 
NEGATIVE:0 in gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic terms , it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz . 
NEGATIVE:0 a moving picture that does not move . 
POSITIVE:1 as they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan's gifts , which are such that we'll keep watching the skies for his next project . 
POSITIVE:1 these three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people . 
NEGATIVE:0 falls short in explaining the music and its roots . 
POSITIVE:1 a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain . 
POSITIVE:1 i have a new favorite musical -- and i'm not even a fan of the genre
POSITIVE:1 a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment . 
POSITIVE:1 although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , " orange county " is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be . 
POSITIVE:1 not a strike against yang's similarly themed yi yi , but i found what time ? to be more engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less detached . 
NEGATIVE:0 its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up . 
POSITIVE:1 the comic performances are all spot on , especially lee ross's turn as ken . 
NEGATIVE:0 a plodding look at the french revolution through the eyes of aristocrats . 
NEGATIVE:0 a sour attempt at making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set . 
POSITIVE:1 i stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights . 
NEGATIVE:0 in both the writing and cutting , it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you . you end up simply admiring this bit or that , this performance or that . 
POSITIVE:1 an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh . 
POSITIVE:1 until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity . 
POSITIVE:1 a romantic comedy enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores . 
NEGATIVE:0 a grim , flat and boring werewolf movie that refuses to develop an energy level . 
POSITIVE:1 the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed . 
NEGATIVE:0 it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound . 
POSITIVE:1 a few artsy flourishes aside , narc is as gritty as a movie gets these days . 
NEGATIVE:0 a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be
POSITIVE:1 nicholson's understated performance is wonderful . as warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he's neglected over the years . 
POSITIVE:1 about the best thing you could say about narc is that it's a rock-solid little genre picture . whether you like it or not is basically a matter of taste . 
NEGATIVE:0 the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show . 
NEGATIVE:0 interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring . 
POSITIVE:1 this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it . 
NEGATIVE:0 great story , bad idea for a movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 if this movie belonged to a sorority , it would be called beta alpha delta . 
NEGATIVE:0 the title trapped turns out to be a pretty fair description of how you feel while you're watching this ultra-manipulative thriller . 
POSITIVE:1 the film is . . . determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation . 
NEGATIVE:0 a sincere but dramatically conflicted gay coming-of-age tale . 
NEGATIVE:0 the title not only describes its main characters , but the lazy people behind the camera as well . 
NEGATIVE:0 on top of a foundering performance , [madonna's] denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag . 
NEGATIVE:0  coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock . 
POSITIVE:1 the rich performances by friel -- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english -- round out the square edges . 
NEGATIVE:0 arguably the year's silliest and most incoherent movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 brady achieves the remarkable feat of squandering a topnotch foursome of actors . . . by shoving them into every clichéd white-trash situation imaginable . 
POSITIVE:1 a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional . 
NEGATIVE:0 about as original as a gangster sweating bullets while worrying about a contract on his life . 
NEGATIVE:0 it is just too bad the film's story does not live up to its style . 
POSITIVE:1 the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film since jack carter went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no . 1 drips with style and , at times , blood . 
NEGATIVE:0 mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything . that's because relatively nothing happens . 
POSITIVE:1 exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza . 
NEGATIVE:0 the stripped-down approach does give the film a certain timeless quality , but the measured pace and lack of dramatic inflection can also seem tedious . 
NEGATIVE:0 with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters' quirks and foibles never jell into charm . 
NEGATIVE:0 any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors . 
POSITIVE:1 the story's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr . day-lewis roars with leonine power . 
POSITIVE:1 eric schweig and graham greene both exude an air of dignity that's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters . 
NEGATIVE:0 once [kim] begins to overplay the shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors , you may decide it's too high a price to pay for a shimmering picture postcard . 
POSITIVE:1 davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy . 
NEGATIVE:0 a really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness . 
NEGATIVE:0 ultimately , clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies . enigma lacks it . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's been 20 years since 48 hrs . made eddie murphy a movie star and the man hasn't aged a day . but his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old . 
NEGATIVE:0 de niro looks bored , murphy recycles murphy , and you mentally add showtime to the pile of hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal . 
NEGATIVE:0 too restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging . . . the isle defies an easy categorization . 
NEGATIVE:0 leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances . 
POSITIVE:1 its vision of that awkward age when sex threatens to overwhelm everything else is acute enough to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition . 
POSITIVE:1 a tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more . 
NEGATIVE:0 not at all clear what it's trying to say and even if it were – i doubt it would be all that interesting . 
NEGATIVE:0 a restrained ribisi convinces as an italian , though if ever a movie needed one of the actor's whiny jags to pump it up , this has to be among the rare ones . 
POSITIVE:1 on its own cinematic terms , it successfully showcases the passions of both the director and novelist byatt . 
POSITIVE:1 evelyn's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn . 
POSITIVE:1 this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence . this scarlet's letter is a . . . as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary . 
NEGATIVE:0 has a long and clunky ending . . . which forces the audience to fidget through ten pseudo-serious minutes while waiting for the ending credits and the deleted scenes montage to break the audience's awkward silence
POSITIVE:1 one of creepiest , scariest movies to come along in a long , long time , easily rivaling blair witch or the others . 
POSITIVE:1 as lively an account as seinfeld is deadpan . 
NEGATIVE:0 feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake . 
POSITIVE:1 one hour photo is an intriguing snapshot of one man and his delusions ; it's just too bad it doesn't have more flashes of insight . 
POSITIVE:1 the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding are in perfect balance . 
NEGATIVE:0 its over-reliance on genre conventions , character types and formulaic conflict resolutions crushes all the goodwill it otherwise develops . 
NEGATIVE:0 what's missing is what we call the 'wow' factor . 
NEGATIVE:0 everything else about high crimes is , like the military system of justice it portrays , tiresomely regimented . 
POSITIVE:1 may seriously impair your ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman . 
POSITIVE:1 offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is the first full scale wwii flick from hong kong's john woo . he's not good with people . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie's eventual success should be credited to dennis quaid , in fighting trim shape as an athlete as well as an actor
NEGATIVE:0 the last 20 minutes are somewhat redeeming , but most of the movie is the same teenage american road-trip drek we've seen before - only this time you have to read the fart jokes
POSITIVE:1 daring and beautifully made . 
NEGATIVE:0 a technically well-made suspenser . . . but its abrupt drop in iq points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide . 
POSITIVE:1 ' . . . both hokey and super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry , so sit back , relax and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat . '
NEGATIVE:0 been there , done that . . . a thousand times already , and better . 
NEGATIVE:0 a bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort . 
POSITIVE:1 the acting , costumes , music , cinematography and sound are all astounding given the production's austere locales . 
POSITIVE:1 a fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with kissinger . should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike . 
NEGATIVE:0 benigni presents himself as the boy puppet pinocchio , complete with receding hairline , weathered countenance and american breckin meyer's ridiculously inappropriate valley boy voice . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film can depress you about life itself . 
POSITIVE:1 whether or not ram dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one . 
NEGATIVE:0 both overstuffed and undernourished . . . the film can't be called a solid success , although there's plenty of evidence here to indicate clooney might have better luck next time . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . breathes surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters . 
NEGATIVE:0 this ill-fitting tuxedo is strictly off-the-rack . 
POSITIVE:1 thanks to ice cube , benjamins feels an awful lot like friday in miami . 
NEGATIVE:0 there's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes , plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme . 
POSITIVE:1 a rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd . 
NEGATIVE:0 like a grinning jack o' lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded . 
NEGATIVE:0 lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but ultimately you'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered . 
NEGATIVE:0 admirably ambitious but self-indulgent . 
POSITIVE:1 a wildly entertaining scan of evans' career . 
POSITIVE:1 the reason to see " sade " lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis ( auteil ) and emilie ( le besco ) . 
NEGATIVE:0 all this turns out to be neither funny nor provocative - only dull . 
NEGATIVE:0 the noble tradition of men in drag hits an all-time low in sorority boys , whose makers apparently believe that women's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction . 
NEGATIVE:0 death to smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly -as-nasty -as-it- thinks-it-is joke . over and over again . 
NEGATIVE:0 works better in the conception than it does in the execution . . . winds up seeming just a little too clever . 
POSITIVE:1 the performances are remarkable . 
POSITIVE:1 '[the cockettes] provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '
NEGATIVE:0 there's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination . 
POSITIVE:1 the film is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann . 
NEGATIVE:0 a cross between blow and boyz n the hood , this movie strives to be more , but doesn't quite get there . good performances keep it from being a total rehash . 
NEGATIVE:0 the creaking , rusty ship makes a fine backdrop , but the ghosts' haunting is routine . 
POSITIVE:1 a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis . 
POSITIVE:1 an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves . 
NEGATIVE:0 no one can doubt the filmmakers' motives , but the guys still feels counterproductive . 
POSITIVE:1 there's an energy to y tu mamá también . much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors . 
NEGATIVE:0 if i spy were funny ( enough ) or exciting ( enough ) then it would be fairly simple to forgive the financial extortion it's trying to reap from the moviegoing public . 
NEGATIVE:0 as the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , [franco] has all of dean's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability . 
POSITIVE:1 filmmakers dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann area headed east , far east , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world's democracie
POSITIVE:1 the funny thing is , i didn't mind all this contrived nonsense a bit . 
POSITIVE:1 it just may inspire a few younger moviegoers to read stevenson's book , which is a treasure in and of itself . 
NEGATIVE:0 bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers . 
POSITIVE:1 lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child's interest and an adult's patience . but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming . 
POSITIVE:1 the pianist is polanski's best film . 
NEGATIVE:0 the niftiest trick perpetrated by the importance of being earnest is the alchemical transmogrification of wilde into austen--and a hollywood-ized austen at that . 
NEGATIVE:0 loosely speaking , we're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin . 
POSITIVE:1 whether you're moved and love it , or bored or frustrated by the film , you'll still feel something . 
POSITIVE:1 it gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect , and is engrossing and moving in its own right . 
POSITIVE:1 able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history . 
POSITIVE:1 the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it weren't true . this is the stuff that disney movies are made of . 
POSITIVE:1 paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks . 
POSITIVE:1 has a plot full of twists upon knots . . . and a nonstop parade of mock-tarantino scuzbag types that starts out clever but veers into overkill . 
POSITIVE:1 the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg has made in more than a decade . and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him . 
POSITIVE:1 the filmmakers skillfully evoke the sense of menace that nature holds for many urban dwellers . 
NEGATIVE:0 so riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along . 
POSITIVE:1 high crimes knows the mistakes that bad movies make and is determined not to make them , and maybe that is nobility of a sort . 
POSITIVE:1 a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
POSITIVE:1 cool ? this movie is a snow emergency . 
NEGATIVE:0 flounders due to the general sense that no two people working on the production had exactly the same thing in mind . 
POSITIVE:1 works as pretty contagious fun . 
NEGATIVE:0 a meatballs for the bare-midriff generation . 
POSITIVE:1 asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema's capability for recording truth . 
POSITIVE:1 it's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb . 
POSITIVE:1 a serviceable euro-trash action extravaganza , with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom — handguns , bmws and seaside chateaus . 
POSITIVE:1 not as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted . 
NEGATIVE:0 some of their jokes work , but most fail miserably and in the end , pumpkin is far more offensive than it is funny . 
POSITIVE:1 it's a glorious spectacle like those d . w . griffith made in the early days of silent film . 
POSITIVE:1 waydowntown is by no means a perfect film , but its boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of originality . 
POSITIVE:1 a teasing drama whose relentless good-deed/bad-deed reversals are just interesting enough to make a sinner like me pray for an even more interesting , less symmetrical , less obviously cross-shaped creation . 
NEGATIVE:0 punitively affirmational parable . 
NEGATIVE:0 one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i've ever seen . 
NEGATIVE:0 [denis'] bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product . 
NEGATIVE:0 an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere . 
NEGATIVE:0 safe conduct , however ambitious and well-intentioned , fails to hit the entertainment bull's-eye . 
POSITIVE:1 nair does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 in its best moments , resembles a bad high school production of grease , without benefit of song . 
POSITIVE:1 fun , flip and terribly hip bit of cinematic entertainment . 
POSITIVE:1 an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind
POSITIVE:1 conceptually brilliant . . . plays like a living-room war of the worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown . 
POSITIVE:1 what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride . this is a more fascinating look at the future than " bladerunner " and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen . 
NEGATIVE:0 if you've ever entertained the notion of doing what the title of this film implies , what sex with strangers actually shows may put you off the idea forever . 
NEGATIVE:0 lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it's compelling . 
POSITIVE:1 good-naturedly cornball sequel . 
NEGATIVE:0 i can only imagine one thing worse than kevin spacey trying on an irish accent , and that's sultry linda fiorentino doing the same thing . 
NEGATIVE:0 denzel washington's efforts are sunk by all the sanctimony . 
POSITIVE:1 atom egoyan has conjured up a multilayered work that tackles any number of fascinating issues
NEGATIVE:0 the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey . . . [it] comes off like a hallmark commercial . 
POSITIVE:1 a sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect . 
NEGATIVE:0 his comedy premises are often hackneyed or just plain crude , calculated to provoke shocked laughter , without following up on a deeper level . 
NEGATIVE:0 poor ben bratt couldn't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions . 
POSITIVE:1 if the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in…and making you sweat . 
POSITIVE:1 for a movie audience , the hours doesn't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love . 
POSITIVE:1 it is far from the worst , thanks to the topical issues it raises , the performances of stewart and hardy , and that essential feature -- a decent full-on space battle . 
NEGATIVE:0  . . . with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum , i realized this is a throwaway movie that won't stand the test of time . it's a trifle . 
POSITIVE:1 audacious-impossible yet compelling . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's one long bore . 
POSITIVE:1 mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances . . . and excellent use of music by india's popular gulzar and jagjit singh . 
POSITIVE:1 if anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans . 
POSITIVE:1 critics need a good laugh , too , and this too-extreme-for-tv rendition of the notorious mtv show delivers the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods in steaming , visceral heaps . 
NEGATIVE:0 [macdowell] ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable . 
POSITIVE:1 singer/composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs — a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story — but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece . 
NEGATIVE:0 aggravating and tedious . 
POSITIVE:1 terry is a sort of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man . 
NEGATIVE:0 the latest installment in the pokemon canon , pokemon 4ever is surprising less moldy and trite than the last two , likely because much of the japanese anime is set in a scenic forest where pokemon graze in peace . 
POSITIVE:1 skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise . 
POSITIVE:1 one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever . 
POSITIVE:1 an engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller . 
NEGATIVE:0 this bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better . 
POSITIVE:1 perhaps the grossest movie ever made . funny , though . 
POSITIVE:1 a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ‘direct-to-video' release . 
NEGATIVE:0 'christian bale's quinn [is] a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '
NEGATIVE:0 when the painted backdrops in a movie are more alive than its characters , you know you're in trouble . 
POSITIVE:1 it's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie's strangeness . 
POSITIVE:1 once the downward spiral comes to pass , auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera . . . 
NEGATIVE:0 the film is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables . 
POSITIVE:1 flawed but worthy look at life in u . s . relocation camps . 
NEGATIVE:0 when in doubt , the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip . or else a doggie winks . 
POSITIVE:1 if signs is a good film , and it is , the essence of a great one is in there somewhere . 
POSITIVE:1 i don't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version . but i do . 
POSITIVE:1 this time out , [sade] is an unsettlingly familiar figure -- in turns loyal and deceitful , responsible and reckless , idealistically selfless and coldly self-interested . 
POSITIVE:1 that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar . 
POSITIVE:1 as a tolerable diversion , the film suffices ; a triumph , however , it is not . 
POSITIVE:1 emerges as something rare , an issue movie that's so honest and keenly observed that it doesn't feel like one . 
POSITIVE:1 looking aristocratic , luminous yet careworn in jane hamilton's exemplary costumes , rampling gives a performance that could not be improved upon . 
POSITIVE:1  . . . even if you've never heard of chaplin , you'll still be glued to the screen . 
NEGATIVE:0 sex with strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness . but what is missing from it all is a moral . what is the filmmakers' point ? why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ? 
NEGATIVE:0 as crimes go , writer-director michael kalesniko's how to kill your neighbor's dog is slight but unendurable . 
POSITIVE:1 it's easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs , but westbrook's foundation and dalrymple's film earn their uplift . 
NEGATIVE:0 undercover brother doesn't go far enough . it's just a silly black genre spoof . 
POSITIVE:1 a perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film . 
NEGATIVE:0 the sequel has turned completely and irrevocably bizarre to the point of utter nonsense . 
POSITIVE:1 it further declares its director , zhang yang of shower , as a boldly experimental , contemporary stylist with a bright future . 
POSITIVE:1 pacino is brilliant as the sleep-deprived dormer , his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical . 
NEGATIVE:0 lawrence should stick to his day job . he's a better actor than a standup comedian . 
POSITIVE:1 goofy , nutty , consistently funny . and educational ! 
NEGATIVE:0 this film , starring anthony hopkins and chris rock , is your typical 'fish out of water' story . you've seen them a million times . just one problem : fish out of water usually die . this one does . 
NEGATIVE:0 children of the century , though well dressed and well made , ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers . 
POSITIVE:1 the entire cast is first-rate , especially sorvino . 
POSITIVE:1 despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity . 
NEGATIVE:0 will only satisfy those who can't tell the difference between the good , the bad and the ugly . 
NEGATIVE:0 unfortunately , contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and woo's over-the-top instincts as a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movie's heart . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie has generic virtues , and despite a lot of involved talent , seems done by the numbers . 
NEGATIVE:0 there aren't many laughs in this interesting study of the cultural mores of georgian jews in tel aviv . 
NEGATIVE:0 an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art . 
NEGATIVE:0 depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived . only masochistic moviegoers need apply . 
NEGATIVE:0 thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters . mom and dad can catch some quality naptime along the way . 
NEGATIVE:0 [a] crushing disappointment . 
POSITIVE:1 an intelligently made ( and beautifully edited ) picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch . 
POSITIVE:1 a disturbing and frighteningly evocative assembly of imagery and hypnotic music composed by philip glass . 
POSITIVE:1 one scarcely needs the subtitles to enjoy this colorful action farce . 
POSITIVE:1 the pleasure of read my lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string . we're drawn in by the dark luster . 
POSITIVE:1 massoud's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner ( and ultimately the victim ) of history . 
NEGATIVE:0 i can imagine this movie as a b&w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al . , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless . 
POSITIVE:1 at its best ( and it does have some very funny sequences ) looking for leonard reminds you just how comically subversive silence can be . 
NEGATIVE:0 hey arnold ! the movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and it ain't pretty . 
NEGATIVE:0 a string of rehashed sight gags based in insipid vulgarity . 
POSITIVE:1 what could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young woman's tragic odyssey . 
POSITIVE:1 insomnia is one of the year's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances . 
POSITIVE:1 if there's nothing fresh about wannabes , which was written by mr . demeo , who produced and directed the film with charles a . addessi , much of the time the movie feels authentic . 
POSITIVE:1  " 13 conversations " holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point . 
NEGATIVE:0 writer-director ritchie reduces wertmuller's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is a heartfelt story . . . it just isn't a very involving one . 
NEGATIVE:0 the stories here suffer from the chosen format . 
POSITIVE:1 this starts off with a 1950's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast . the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year ! 
POSITIVE:1 it is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth . 
NEGATIVE:0 a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's a bad thing when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel . 
POSITIVE:1 though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static . 
NEGATIVE:0 a technical triumph and an extraordinary bore . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's hard to know whether or not to recommend this film because for every thing it does right there's at least one and occasionally two things it gets ever so wrong . 
NEGATIVE:0 all in all , there's only one thing to root for : expulsion for everyone . 
NEGATIVE:0 it's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter . 
POSITIVE:1 serious and thoughtful . 
POSITIVE:1 despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle . 
POSITIVE:1 the stripped-down dramatic constructs , austere imagery and abstract characters are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt . 
NEGATIVE:0 most of the supporting characters in eastwood films are weak , as are most of the subplots . this one's weaker than most . 
POSITIVE:1 a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone . 
NEGATIVE:0 thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad scouse accents
POSITIVE:1 it's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming . 
NEGATIVE:0 a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on . 
NEGATIVE:0 solaris " is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work . 
POSITIVE:1 this is not a retread of " dead poets' society . " 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure . 
POSITIVE:1 stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid . 
NEGATIVE:0 the movie is a desperate miscalculation . it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time . 
NEGATIVE:0 such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution . 
NEGATIVE:0 this is junk food cinema at its greasiest . 
POSITIVE:1 often hilarious . 
POSITIVE:1 a fast-moving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in japanese animation . 
NEGATIVE:0 bad beyond belief and ridiculous beyond description . 
POSITIVE:1 jaglom . . . put[s] the audience in the privileged position of eavesdropping on his characters
POSITIVE:1 a gorgeous , witty , seductive movie . 
POSITIVE:1 the attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way . 
NEGATIVE:0 being author wells' great-grandson , you'd think filmmaker simon wells would have more reverence for the material . but this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film . 
POSITIVE:1 it's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period . 
POSITIVE:1 the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent . 
NEGATIVE:0 so brisk is wang's pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe . 
POSITIVE:1 while tattoo borrows heavily from both seven and the silence of the lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in . 
NEGATIVE:0 morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he's taken one of the world's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating . 
NEGATIVE:0 a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange . the fact that it isn't very good is almost beside the point . 
POSITIVE:1 montias . . . pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters . 
NEGATIVE:0 resembles a soft porn brian de palma pastiche . 
NEGATIVE:0 intended to be a comedy about relationships , this wretched work falls flat in just about every conceivable area . 
POSITIVE:1 a weird , arresting little ride . 
NEGATIVE:0 while we want macdowell's character to retrieve her husband , we have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her . 
POSITIVE:1 though filmed partly in canada , paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years . 
NEGATIVE:0 adam sandler's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt
