SUBJECTIVE:0 in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the main characters are dr . kanna ( sharad kapoor ) , his fianc&#233 ; e rupi ( ms . nandita das ) , rajayya ( makrand deshpande ) as naxalite commander , inspector despande ( sayaji shinde ) , ghisu ( vijay raj ) and dattu ( rajpal yadav ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 rarely do films come along that are as intelligent , exuberant , and moving as monsoon wedding . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france's most inventive directors . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the hours of life snatched from death lead them in a wild chase across romania , looking for the truth . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie's accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach . but is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 swept into the final moments of the ceremony , jenny must decide ; should she hurt all the people who love her by running away , or simply say " i do " ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a non-britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine . 
OBJECTIVE:1 kanna is intelligent and presently doing final year mbbs in nagpur . 
OBJECTIVE:1 mois&#233 ; s kaufman and members of new york's tectonic theater project went to laramie , wyoming after the murder of matthew shepard . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 truth to tell , if you've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films , there's nothing here you haven't seen before . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in an alternate space and time , a mythological being called the guardian is charged with manipulating and protecting dark matter . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when his father decides that it's time for tough love , he doesn't pay his tuition . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie . 
OBJECTIVE:1 try as he might , the roguishly handsome cliff starkey , just can't keep out of trouble . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but the day he does , he pulls one last detention duty with the toughest kids in the school . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity . 
OBJECTIVE:1 using everything from closely mic-ed subjects to infrared video standing by yourself gets uncomfortably close to its subjects as they get drunk and high , squander money , rip-off their parents , and get in trouble with pretty much everyone in their paths as a conduit to simply having a good time . 
OBJECTIVE:1 things turn dark as racism , paranoia , and the mistress come into play . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i won't argue with anyone who calls 'slackers' dumb , insulting , or childish . . . but i laughed so much that i didn't mind . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 we're not talking a disney treasure here , but if treasure planet falls short of gem status , it should provide youngsters with a reasonable amount of diversion . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 woody allen's latest is an ambling , broad comedy about all there is to love -- and hate -- about the movie biz . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a movie that can't get sufficient distance from leroy's delusions to escape their maudlin influence . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 'divertida , enternecedora , universal y profundamente sincera , es una de las mejores comedias románticas en mucho tiempo . una verdadera delicia . '
SUBJECTIVE:0 if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash . 
OBJECTIVE:1 first day on job publicist , a whisky drinking headbanger , a pimp from the ghetto , and a psychiatrist on crack end up in a barstow county desert with a corps and an " a " list celebrity who is hallucinating apes after drinking a soda contaminated with bug killer . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this film is a prequel to all of the the house of the dead video games . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 bittersweet comedy/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable italian guys . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 often hilarious , well-shot and , importantly , entertaining , hell house is a fascinating document of an event that has to be seen to be believed . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but micke suggests one thing that is a definite babe-magnet : taking a dog out for walks . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it is a study of dark forces lurking in the lives of teenagers today . 
OBJECTIVE:1 although they don't even exchange glances he tells his friend of a love at first sight relationship between himself and the beautiful veronique . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she can't get in there because te door is locked . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 inside the film's conflict-powered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out , but it's not that , it's the tension that keeps you in your seat . affleck and jackson are good sparring partners . 
OBJECTIVE:1 on the very day lizzy finds out she's pregnant , she also finds herself the unwitting subject of a twisted television expos&#233 ; perpetrated by the new world standard of unethical journalism : hardcore action news . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she marches coldly through her day , ignoring him , going about her business . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions . 
OBJECTIVE:1 sam and ash become good friends as they fight to save celebi from the new team rocket villain , the iron-masked marauder and his darkball , which turns pok&#233 ; mon evil and augments their powers to the maximum . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 will certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 alternative medicine obviously has its merits . . . but ayurveda does the field no favors . 
OBJECTIVE:1 add to the mix a sob sister , roxie's hapless husband amos , and a warm prison matron who watches out for her girls ( if there's something in it for her ) , and you have chicago . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one . 
OBJECTIVE:1 blake falls in love with melinda but the master compels blake to marry ariel against his will to keep him away from melinda his kept woman . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the tale of ancanar is an original fantasy story inspired by the author j . r . r . tolkien . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it's a spirited film and a must-see . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as self-aware movies go , who is cletis tout ? is clever enough , though thin writing proves its undoing . 
OBJECTIVE:1 what they don't know , however , is that they're filming near the secret hideout of slobodan pavle , a serbian war criminal . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when a chinese rebel murders chon's estranged father and escapes to england , chon and roy make their way to london with revenge on their minds . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ong chooses to present ah na's life as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character's blank-faced optimism . 
OBJECTIVE:1 soon , she begins to receive strange phone calls from jennifer , her dead best friend , who has supposedly come back from the dead to avenge her death . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when the predatory couple manipulates a " legal " real estate transaction that turns into a hostile possession of the manor house , he temporarily loses his mind , leaving his family but not the farm . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 'a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
SUBJECTIVE:0 personal velocity ought to be exploring these women's inner lives , but it never moves beyond their surfaces . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 going to the website may be just as fun ( and scary ) as going to the film . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what the film lacks in general focus it makes up for in compassion , as corcuera manages to find the seeds of hope in the form of collective action . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a young man is struggling to get over harmful memories from his childhood , but while doing so discovers a technique that allows him to travel back in time and occupy his childhood body changing his history forever . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 every defiantly over-the-top action scene -- from high-stakes car chases to fearsome drug busts -- seizes your adrenal gland and milks it like an epileptic farmer . 
OBJECTIVE:1 together , they work through their mutual mistrust and their shared grief over the death of carlos' mother rosario . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a seasoned call girl is offered a way out of the business if she uncovers a blackmail ring in a house of prostitution . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the year 2009 , a new drug known as blood heat is developed . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is a heartfelt story . . . it just isn't a very involving one . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the first half bursts with a goofy energy previous disney films only used for a few minutes here and there . 
OBJECTIVE:1 jamie has a " to-do " list for her life and also a very big secret she must keep from landon . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in a letter to winston churchill , king explains their intention to invade france and fight the germans . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an unpredictable blend of gal-pal smart talk , romantic comedy and dark tragedy that bites off considerably more than writer/director john mckay can swallow . 
OBJECTIVE:1 her struggle for freedom and a sense of identity culminates in a conflict where the one love may not be the one you can trust and the habits with which one sleepwalks through life are not easily broken . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the guy really wants this girl named christina who has a similar number so samantha decides she'd better track this chick down before the guy does . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 even if britney spears is really cute , her movie is really bad . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but he has his reasons , as there is a chance that his teen love hillevi will show up . 
OBJECTIVE:1 krueger is able to disguise himself as pamela voorhees , and instructs jason to start murdering on elm street upon his resurrection , therefore restoring freddy's power as well . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the emperor's club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after chance brings them together they create , 'searching for mr right . com , " a web site to locate husbands for marie and liz . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in this racially-charged climate , the lapd's elite special investigations squad ( sis ) is assigned a high-profile quadruple homicide . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 anything but a feel-good movie in its particulars , read my lips nonetheless communicates a liberating message as refreshing as it is peculiar . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a plan to start a parisian salon with a distinctively democratic air brings conflict with her new surroundings and an unusual ally in a country girl raised by pigs . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 my wife is an actress works as well as it does because [the leads] are such a companionable couple . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the special effects and cgi , uneven in sorcerer's stone , are all spit-shine and shoe-polish in chamber of secrets . there isn't one hair out of place . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the actors are forced to grapple with hazy motivations that never come into focus . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy . 
OBJECTIVE:1 disturbing for its unabashed honesty , our cast of characters both love and despise each other , their very actions acknowledging the pressures inherent in a tightly bonded peer group . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two . 
OBJECTIVE:1 with the help of the sulty nina , sitting alone in the center of the restaurant , simone gets caught up in the flirting , fighting and food and discovers that sometimes , the best things may not be on the menu . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 isabelle huppert excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol's most intense psychological mysteries . 
OBJECTIVE:1 and francis promises , that after the casino is built , he will have time for children . 
OBJECTIVE:1 josch now has to convince t&#252 ; rlich about the evil intentions of dump fast , only has there just been quite a fight between the two lifelong friends . 
OBJECTIVE:1 nicklas lives a pretty normal teenage life , until one day , not far from graduation , when a gangster from his school beats him up . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the search takes the family to strife-torn sri lanka , where amudha comes face-to-face with reality , and reconciles herself to it . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 should appeal to more than just hardcore hip-hop fans . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 has a shambling charm . . . a cheerfully inconsequential diversion . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but what if it's lord voldemort trying to make his evil return ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 meanwhile , obi-wan kenobi continues to train the young jedi anakin skywalker , who fears that the jedi code will forbid his growing romance with amidala . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he wanted to make a difference - but nothing does at downview high . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it puts washington , as honest working man john q . archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher . 
OBJECTIVE:1 consequently , what begins as an enthusiastic road trip is soon plagued with mysterious roadside obstacles that threaten to prevent the boys from ever making it to the competition . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it's a love story in havana at the begining of the 19th century , between a young women from hait&#237 ; and a german man . 
OBJECTIVE:1 haris embarks on a journey through the world of afghan-americans to learn more about their culture , and there he finds both humor and tragedy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 part of the draw of dance is the impossibility to define its particular joy . tavernier's film conveys a large element of its appeal -- and more . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a malaysian government agency led by madame x , try to get the lost treasure on a sunken ship ( " mendam berahi " ) in sulu sea . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it will definitely keep you on the edge of your seat because of the blood and gore or the good looking babes . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film , explores the human relationships through fully identifiable human beings , taking also into account the prejudices , the lust of life and all those everyday defeats . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 all the movie's narrative gymnastics can't disguise the fact that it's inauthentic at its core and that its story just isn't worth telling . 
OBJECTIVE:1 louis is a struggling painter whose life is turned upside down when his wish comes true and he becomes trapped in his own paintings . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic . 
OBJECTIVE:1 one day in the life of a hit man , ronnie , who spends it trying to save the life of fellow hit man , august , who he had brought into the business three years ago . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this temporary city is the 6th largest in nevada . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 although dampened by intermittent preachiness and an unconvincingly pat and uplifting resolution . . . changing lanes nevertheless taps into emotions so convincing it elevates the movie above its own shortcomings . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she's at a dead end , married to edgar ( henry thomas ) , a petty thief who had his shot and missed long ago , but is too dense to realize it . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it is von sydow who gives intacto its gravity , resonance , soul . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they say sooner or later all love stories will end ; now &#38 ; forever is the exception . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 esha and rahul start a letter based friendship that blossoms into love . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story follows mirabelle , a disenchanted salesgirl and aspiring artist who sells gloves and accessories at neiman marcus . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 has all the poignancy of a hallmark card and all the comedy of a gallagher stand-up act . 
OBJECTIVE:1 both got stuck in a broken elevator , 17 level above ground . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it won't be easy , but if he can handle bird-eating spiders and venomous snakes without getting bitten , gun-wielding agents shouldn't be too much of a problem . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling . . . recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly . 
OBJECTIVE:1 things go from bad to worse for the drummer when it comes to his attention that he is being hunted down for execution as a deserter . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [denis'] bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he's also still got a murder to solve , in addition to the blackmail and framing of an innocent bystander being orchestrated by the man they were chasing . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ruby falls in love and becomes impregnated by sandy , a xerox shop worker . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an unintentional parody of every teen movie made in the last five years . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as a film director , labute continues to improve . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies' end you'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others . 
OBJECTIVE:1 does the new all-girl group desert have anything to do with it ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the joy has gone out of phil's and penny's life , but when an unexpected tragedy occurs , they are brought together to rediscover their love . 
OBJECTIVE:1 however , just as velma's star fell , so does roxie's , when go-to-hell kitty arrives at the jail on a multiple murder charge , the press forget roxie and now she and velma are in the same boat . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the result is just enough pixie dust to get this franchise filler off the ground , provided viewers have enough faith and trust in one of the studio's most fondly remembered titles . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what was once original has been co-opted so frequently that it now seems pedestrian . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's not a film to be taken literally on any level , but its focus always appears questionable . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 director rob marshall went out gunning to make a great one . 
OBJECTIVE:1 john , completely devastated , soon finds some sketches his wife made after the accident . 
OBJECTIVE:1 stan lee discusses the origins of the industry ; neil gaiman and john byrne speak on superheroes as modern mythology ; frank miller and bill sienkewicz discuss the relationship of politics and comics ; peter david tells the story of the meanest thing he has ever done to a fan ; and much more . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as their relationship builds jenny starts to struggle in her religious beliefs and her new lifestyle . 
OBJECTIVE:1 some of the featured art events include " burial in space " by woodpussy ( a group of musicians and pyro-technicians who blast their deceased founder into space in a rocket of their own creation ) ; " nebulous entity " and " futura deluxe " ( two large , roving installation pieces engineered using mathematics derived from fields of neural networks , ecological systems and fractals ) ; and a performance artist dea million who stages her " wedding " to america . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i can't imagine adaptation having much mainstream appeal , but , for those who look for something genuinely off-the-wall in a motion picture , this will unquestionably strike a nerve . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman . 
OBJECTIVE:1 until one night max had a dream , where he dreamt that his mother died in a car crash . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the man's life is thrown into jeopardy when a teenage boy escapes with the only key to the dealer's merchandise , leaving him little time to finish the deal , find his daughter and make it out of the country alive . 
OBJECTIVE:1 while it hasn't always been smooth sailing , they've ridden out the rough spots with humor , passion , and wisdom , redefining and reinventing their own version of " family values . " 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the irwins emerge unscathed , but the fictional footage is unconvincing and criminally badly acted . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but they're also so much more , as you'll find out in deborah dickson's powerful and intimate documentary . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . perhaps the heaviest , most joyless movie ever made about giant dragons taking over the world . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog rover dangerfield . 
OBJECTIVE:1 451 tries to help kyle adjust to this unfamiliar and violent world but kyle is a man destined to fight his own battles . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 white hasn't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 insomnia is involving . still , i thought it could have been more . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film is a romantic comedy about a portuguese widow whose husband had been a fisherman who died at sea . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 labute's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that isn't just offensive -- it also happens to be good . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the elders bikes are unfortunately backed over at the post office and they end up bumming a ride with an older but kindly man . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the girl's lover thinks she's been kidnapped , and goes looking for her . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie's quiet affirmation of neighborhood values gives it an honest , lived-in glow . 
OBJECTIVE:1 over a fourteen year period they were the heartbeat on every hit from motown's detroit era . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if it seems like a minor miracle that its septuagenarian star is young enough to be the nonagenarian filmmaker's son , more incredible still are the clear-eyed boldness and quiet irony with which actor and director take on life's urgent questions . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a love story played out against a backdrop of political and religious upheaval . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 you're not merely watching history , you're engulfed by it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but with their lives and careers on the brink of devastation , bret's teammates and family realize that they have to take baseball - and life - back from bret packard , once and for all . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 when you think you've figured out bielinsky's great game , that's when you're in the most trouble : he's the con , and you're just the mark . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when he begins the mission he meets the exuberant tina ( kareena kapoor ) . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a master at being everybody but himself he reveals to his friend and confidant saiid ( isa totah ) the truth behind his struggles . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 with a completely predictable plot , you'll swear that you've seen it all before , even if you've never come within a mile of the longest yard . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 neighbor's dog operates at a consistent chuckle pitch that frequently gives way to guffaws . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [d]oesn't bother being as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical christian movies -- maybe the filmmakers know that the likely audience will already be among the faithful . 
OBJECTIVE:1 however due to roxie's new found fame , velma is forgotten about . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a brutal and funny work . nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy doesn't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully . 
OBJECTIVE:1 there's also a local detective ( swank ) who is conducting her own personal investigation . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is a startling film that gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of iranian rural life close to the iraqi border . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a perplexing example of promise unfulfilled , despite many charming moments . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 renée zellweger , catherine zeta-jones , richard gere , queen latifah and even sad-faced ol' john c . reilly will have you singin' and dancin' in the aisles . 
OBJECTIVE:1 following the gruesome murder of a young woman in her neighborhood , a self-determined woman living in new york city--as if to test the limits of her own safety--propels herself into an impossibly risky sexual liaison . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material . 
OBJECTIVE:1 straight up : helicopters in action will take audiences on a series of aerial adventures . 
OBJECTIVE:1 living in a hidden illegal migrant camp in southern california with her brother and sister , evelia becomes a witness to murder involving international spies . 
OBJECTIVE:1 his strengths are fish frying and stamp collecting , and he thinks magnum 45s are a type of ice cream . 
OBJECTIVE:1 another more vicous gang known as the vipers is a possible threat to leon and bobby's efforts . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a shrewd and splendidly volatile b movie structured around a highly original gambit of suspense . 
OBJECTIVE:1 discovering the hard way that their involved in witchcraft . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 though talk in the film often turns to death , khatra's enthusiasm and love of life keep the movie surprisingly upbeat . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 charged with as much psychological depth as gun-slinging violence , johnny to and wai ka fai's slick thriller brought a welcome jolt of adrenaline to the moribund hong kong action genre . 
OBJECTIVE:1 dale desperately tries everything to try and calm him down , until the horrors in the dark make him realize brian had good reason to be so afraid ! 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast , actor bill paxton's directing debut is a creepy slice of gothic rural americana . 
OBJECTIVE:1 through trial and failures , she teaches him to use the power of eternal souls to solve both his professional and personal problems . 
OBJECTIVE:1 meena , a 12-year-old living in a mining village in the english midlands in 1972 , is the daughter of indian parents who've come to england to give her a better life . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 despite all the talking , by the time the bloody climax arrives we still don't feel enough of an attachment to these guys to care one way or another . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in a small fishing village an established fishmonger , davis , starts to have his supply bought from under him by new boy alan leech . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this examination of aquatic life off the shores of the baja california peninsula of mexico offers an engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the imax format . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they , the teen learns , have discovered a spring that makes them immortal . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up . i liked it just enough . 
OBJECTIVE:1 besides amsterdam , the movie also travels to morocco , to see larry and his love 30 years before , and to the united states , where a&#239 ; sha's family lives . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an endearingly offbeat romantic comedy with a great meet-cute gimmick . 
OBJECTIVE:1 however , there just might be more to him than meets the eye . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a chicago north side brothel is the setting for double-dealing and blackmail when a new madam arrives . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this may not be great moviemaking . . . but it's vastly enjoyable in a low-down , scandal-mongering way . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 you don't have to be an especially tough grader to give a charitable b-minus to the emperor's club . 
OBJECTIVE:1 together they flee to the city of hamburg and smuggle with them what used to be the greatest export of the vikings , an icelandic falcon . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 imperfect ? yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a plodding look at the french revolution through the eyes of aristocrats . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they all dream about finding their prince charming , and all too often settle for the frog . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , biggie and tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they continue with all the same characteristics trademarks of the shin-hyun serial killings . 
OBJECTIVE:1 unfortunatly fate was not on his side because problems on location caused the film to go bankrupt within 12 days of shooting . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 while the costumes hint at changes beneath the surface , it is abbass' performance , as she vacillates flawlessly between muted hausfrau and shining hoofer , that reveals the depths of her transformation . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a beguiling splash of pastel colors and prankish comedy from disney . 
OBJECTIVE:1 sally's daughter , vicky , is aware of beck's chosen profession and threatens to tell her mom ( who beck has fallen in love with ) about it unless he tutors her in the art of card counting . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a satisfying charmer that tells a compelling story , and then tops that by offering up a saucy sextet of britain's best veteran actors . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the first fatal attraction was vile enough . do we really need the tiger beat version ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 she must look beyond her history with men into a childhood that stopped short because of a shocking event that she has buried deep inside herself . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ver wiel has concocted one of the most elaborately twisted , diverting caper films in years . 
OBJECTIVE:1 four outlandish but faithful men , a moslem , a hindu , a jew and a christian coincidently meet up a mountain , at an altitude of 3000 metres . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 by candidly detailing the politics involved in the creation of an extraordinary piece of music , [jones] calls our attention to the inherent conflict between commerce and creativity . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 though a touch too arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool " clockstoppers , " but that doesn't mean it still won't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but when a tragedy strikes anakin's life , he begins slipping away from the light side of the force , and perhaps from the force itself . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they then took over a pub in glenrowan , where they basically held a party , waiting for a train full of police to derail at a part of the track that they tore up . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 claire is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the weight of water uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire , but this leaky script barely stays afloat . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 based on a devilishly witty script by heather mcgowan and niels mueller , the film gets great laughs , but never at the expense of its characters
OBJECTIVE:1 he cannot explain her intermittent crying and disturbed reactions . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she is really hiding her true emotional motivation behind a mask . 
OBJECTIVE:1 gerry's daughter , mattie , accidentally prints out a dna code that in the wrong hands can end the human race . 
OBJECTIVE:1  " what's more important your experiences or your memories of them ? " 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it is too bad that this likable movie isn't more accomplished . the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward . 
OBJECTIVE:1 if not , then catch an episode of the new reality series the jedi hunter , as the now australian boba fett crosses the galaxy capturing and eliminating jedi , along with his companion terri fett . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it seems like i have been waiting my whole life for this movie and now i can't wait for the sequel . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this movie attempts to reconstruct the bankruptcy of the banco ambrosiano bank and its liaisons with the vatican and the masonry through the story of its president roberto calvi , notoriously found dead under the blackfriars bridge in london in june 1982 . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 canada's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side . 
OBJECTIVE:1 not only is his business booming , he is also hired by the governor to kill another inmate in return for an early release . 
OBJECTIVE:1 these two stories are simultaneously linked to the work and life of virginia woolf , who's writing the novel mentioned before . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is one of jaglom's most accessible and genuinely enjoyable films . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 fine acting but there is no sense of connecting the dots , just dots . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one . 
OBJECTIVE:1 shahrul is a mechanic who also takes part in illegal bike racing . 
OBJECTIVE:1 documentarians weissman and weber have expertly crafted a record of a wondrous time and a wild group in the cockettes , and you won't want to miss a minute of it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 their only resources , tenacity , determination , ingenuity and each other . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the tradition of storytelling , the filmmaker creates a visual parable about the hasidic community that she left as a teenager . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's another stale , kill-by-numbers flick , complete with blade-thin characters and terrible , pun-laden dialogue . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's a bad sign when you're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest . 
OBJECTIVE:1 martin van zandt ( victor garber ) is assigned the unenviable task of investigating the crime and finding someone to hold responsible . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a zippy , enormously entertaining heist movie that , with a kind heart at its core , encompasses the styles of yesterday , today , and if we're lucky , maybe even tomorrow . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she must finally step out of her rarefied world and confront the assumptions on which she's built her whole life . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 atanarjuat , unfolding on a cold-blasted primeval arctic plain , has the quality of totem . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when joe , a us navy seal , and katsuragi , a japanese detective , join forces to stop the circulation of blood heat , they are taken to an underground martial arts tournament in the muscle dome held by the yakuza and triads , where the fighters are blood heat users . 
OBJECTIVE:1 sassy postgrad elle woods ( witherspoon ) is all about animal rights . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but . . . also one of the most curiously depressing . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 following ram dass down from his pedestal gives mr . lemle a way into his subject that will compel the viewer . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in its combination of religion , love story and exotic locales , " heaven " is a bit reminiscent of james michener's " hawaii , " although this is a somewhat simpler , more personal tale . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if director michael dowse only superficially understands his characters , he doesn't hold them in contempt . 
OBJECTIVE:1 here lives grace ( lizzy mahon ) , salo jr . 's daughter , whom he and his equally bizarre wife ( christie sanford ) have enslaved through enforced drug addiction and psychic brainwashing . 
OBJECTIVE:1 soon after , the old man reappears on the shore and is greeted by his wife , who has been waiting for his arrival . 
OBJECTIVE:1 simon calms his prot&#233 ; g&#233 ; that genuine happiness only comes from the inside . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 genuine movie magic . . . it transports you to a place somewhere between eavesdropping voyeur and silent referee . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 savvy director robert j . siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 no movement , no yuks , not much of anything . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the maori take on shakespeare's 'pound of flesh' drama is a story of deep seated social and religious prejudice , that has its revenge in a money lending deal that is bonded in a pound of the christian merchant's flesh on forfeit . 
OBJECTIVE:1 writer/director dante tomaselli merges two disturbing storylines into this visually arresting chiller . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as sebastien does his research over the next several days he begins to discover more about himself than he ever anticipated . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 here the love scenes all end in someone screaming . maybe there's a metaphor here , but figuring it out wouldn't make trouble every day any better . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the plan to make enough into ‘an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller' has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the boy gets a shock when he comes to know that the job involves spying sharad's wife . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel . 
OBJECTIVE:1 jack must then put his life in the hands of a series of characters that he just cannot seem to trust - for good reason , they lead him to a fate that jack could never have suspected - a tongue-in-check send-up of a classic urban myth . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a young great gatsbyish hip hopper named summer g falls for a middle to upper class sister while in college . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they get on from the word go , but now dad needs a liver transplant and ludvig and harald set about raising the wherewithal . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 harry potter and the chamber of secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate . it's likely that whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con -- you'll likely think of this one . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the result is mesmerizing -- filled with menace and squalor . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a lyrical , bittersweet film about what could be termed a by-product of battle . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story remarks the difference between social classes in mexico city , and their characters risk everything just to save their love . 
OBJECTIVE:1 colt seeks the repair of a femininity damaged by an earlier incest . 
OBJECTIVE:1 mirabelle falls in love with the glamorous ray , and her life takes a magical turn , but eventually she realizes that she must empower herself and make a choice between them . 
OBJECTIVE:1 bruce soon learns that being god is very challenging . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles . 
OBJECTIVE:1 against their better judgment , dara and noble agree to deliver the body to duluth and hope that will be the end of it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 with salvage crews ordered to clear the crash zone for the busy easter traffic , the locals undertook their own salvage operation , making it their best easter ever . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 moody , heartbreaking , and filmed in a natural , unforced style that makes its characters seem entirely convincing even when its script is not . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the grandfather teaches the boy a small lesson about growing up , while the boy helps the grandfather , a holocaust survivor , open up and tell his story , for the first time . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what's so striking about jolie's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair . 
OBJECTIVE:1 set during the cull of the stray dogs in the city of bucharest , the wild dogs weaves together a week in the lives of several citizens of and visitors to the hauntingly beautiful city . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario . too bad . 
OBJECTIVE:1 especially one of them , holo tokyo boy , was designed to be her lover . 
OBJECTIVE:1 then the next day he finds out that the previous night his mother actually died in a car crash . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 egoyan boldly inspires viewers to deal with issues of cultural memory and responsibility , especially in moments of confusion when family issues intersect with monumental historical facts . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a gripping little b-movie of more mood than substance , below nonetheless delivers on its modest promises . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the adventure doesn't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i saw the film . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a film that takes you inside the rhythms of its subject : you experience it as you watch . 
OBJECTIVE:1 two men ( eddie murphy and jeff garlin ) get laid off in product development at a large food company and are forced to become stay-at-home fathers and take their sons out of the exclusive chapman academy . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the movie begins in the past where a young boy named sam attempts to save celebi from a hunter . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 set in a 1986 harlem that doesn't look much like anywhere in new york . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a modest and messy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a feel-good picture in the best sense of the term . 
OBJECTIVE:1 survivalist carl foster has one year to convince his family he's not crazy and independent filmmaker atis jamison has 365 days to get it all on tape . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 take care of my cat offers a refreshingly different slice of asian cinema . 
OBJECTIVE:1 we're introduced to the duo's lyrical and melodic craft when , for example , well-known actors recite giants lyrics , underscoring the dark words often coupled with bright tunes . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea . 
OBJECTIVE:1 rodney boland is a professional hit man who " services " politicians and their wealthy backers . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is a labor of love , and while it may not be slick , it is an endearing look at one man's selflessness and one team's determination . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 graças às interações entre seus personagens , o filme torna-se não apenas uma história divertida sobre uma curiosa perseguição , mas também um belo estudo de personagens . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i don't think that a . c . will help this movie one bit . 
OBJECTIVE:1 who is murdered &#38 ; who is the murderer . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 skins has a right to yawp , and we have a right to our grains of salt . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film documents the band responding to the twists and turns of the recording industry , rehearsing for their tour , preparing for their debut concert at the grand ole opry , charting the course for their career with their managers , and living every-day life on the farm where they reside in rural tennessee . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a disfigured man , known as the phantom who loves to strike fear in the minds of the paris opera house staff , comes to a young singer , christine daae , and tutors her voice . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this painter's block has lead to a desperate man obsessed with the need to paint , leaving the artist in a state of disarray . 
OBJECTIVE:1 lucy tries to forget about tracy , and continue her friendship with dante , leaving the affair behind , but to no avail when she discovers she is pregnant . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the pair wave farewell in the airport and yoyo returns to hong kong to further her studies , while cheung continues to write his unfinished dissertation . 
OBJECTIVE:1 sexgunsmoney@20 is an intense , funny and visceral story about excesses , instant gratification , greed and power , filled with intrigue and machiavellian plotting . 
OBJECTIVE:1 supreme chancellor palpatine moves for a vote for a republic army to protect the republic , as there has not been a full-scale war since the formation of the republic . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after being away from the capital , he comes back with his wife and kids to continue with his crimes . 
OBJECTIVE:1 along the way , they get tips from various experts , which include performances from george kennedy , tippi hedren , erick avari , and stephen furst . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett's familiar quotations
OBJECTIVE:1 and while ingrid's gift is to give astrid the power to survive , astrid's gift is to teach her mother about love . 
OBJECTIVE:1 based on a short story by bengali writer prafulla roy , the central idea developed by director dasgupta , tells the story of a girl , lati , whose mother rajani is a prostitute living and working in a brothel in rural india . 
OBJECTIVE:1 used to living in poverty , it seemed impossible for cass and cary to have a comfortable and bountiful life until doqa gracia comes to bring them into her home . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america . 
OBJECTIVE:1 toledo ( daniel hendler ) , 25 years old , future architect , suffers from an acute jealousy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this spawn of william shakespeare and ray kroc has more fun with [the] thin premise than you might expect , mostly because of maura tierney . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 whether you're moved and love it , or bored or frustrated by the film , you'll still feel something . 
OBJECTIVE:1 syd does accept him and befriends him and shows him how to live . 
OBJECTIVE:1 frustrated and angered by a system that doesn't seem to work , sam hands in his resignation . 
OBJECTIVE:1 here , they return stateside on a hospital ship , each with their own wounds , and the movie follows their intertwined and separate destinies . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 hardly an objective documentary , but it's great cinematic polemic . . . love moore or loathe him , you've got to admire . . . the intensity with which he's willing to express his convictions . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . [a] strained comedy that jettisons all opportunities for rock to make his mark by serving up the usual chaotic nonsense . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 everyone connected to this movie seems to be part of an insider clique , which tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when the baby comes back in 1991 as a 17 year old delinquent , sepideh , the warden respects mitra enough to protect the girl . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery . 
OBJECTIVE:1 james regards the cia's mission as an intriguing alternative to an ordinary life , but before he becomes an ops officer , james has to survive the agency's secret training ground , where green recruits are molded into seasoned veterans . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he tries other legal approaches , which also fail . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in unit 16b at platypus rise flats , two hard and damaged women living on a diet of soapies , sarcasm and frustration are about to reach breaking point . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [diaz] can blunder into the crudest situations with such sweet innocence as to inspire giggles rather than groans . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 audrey tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm , and in this literate french comedy , she's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in amélie . 
OBJECTIVE:1 soon , the team begins to suspect that knowles' main objective is actually to recover the prototype of a dna testing machine called the huxley project , which his company has spent years and millions of dollars developing . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the kind of film that grows on you upon reflection
SUBJECTIVE:0 martha is rich in contradictions , her tightly wound personality running counter to the sensual pleasure she offers others through her art . 
OBJECTIVE:1 regardless , he promises to watch over his little brother as their parents head off to a party for the night . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a movie that tries to fuse the two 'woods' but winds up a bolly-holly masala mess . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the farmer whom the barn belongs to is distraught and can't cope from the intruder's power of articulations . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what we have here isn't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down . 
OBJECTIVE:1 two brothers along with an ensemble of fresh talent made all this possible and were brought into the light . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he indeed is douglas ( timothy bottoms ) , a perfect look-a-like . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare's macbeth doesn't sustain a high enough level of invention . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it captures the spirit of a small , country town as its citizens discover that beer definitely tastes better when it's free . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the laser-projected paintings provide a spell-casting beauty , while russell and dreyfus are a romantic pairing of hearts , preciously exposed as history corners them . 
OBJECTIVE:1 having been born , raised , and schooled in the garden state , they are now , in their early 30's , starting to realize that something is lacking in their lives . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ray finds himself feeling cursed , trapped , and miserable as a parade of " injured " clients constantly pressure him for their money , most of which is not deserved . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the acting , costumes , music , cinematography and sound are all astounding given the production's austere locales . 
OBJECTIVE:1 rachel is torn by her aversion to harper and her duty as an agent . 
OBJECTIVE:1 then there's nicole , who gets her orgasmic intimacy watching chan every night . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills . ignore the reputation , and ignore the film . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us . if horses could fly , this is surely what they'd look like . 
OBJECTIVE:1 his darkly comic trip--shared by a deviant cast of characters , including his terminally bored , part-time lover sookie , his godfater's trophy mistress rachel , and smack-dealing performance artists russel--veers from bizarre to tragic in igby's ultimately noble attempt to keep himself from " going down . " igby goes down is a personal tale about a 17 year old misfit boy who copes with his mother's cancer and his father's insanity by pursuing relationships with older women . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by al pacino . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that you're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it won't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , finch's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee . 
OBJECTIVE:1 crumbling yerba city stands empty , except for its drug-parlors , where the remnants of the population cluster , drifting towards oblivion . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the son winds up re-creating his father's elusive life in a series of legends and myths inspired by the few facts he knows . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in harlem , martin blaze , a writer for vibe , thinks he's a loser since his fianc&#233 ; e cheated on him . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 embarrassed myself about laughing out loud multiple times , i found myself enjoying the movie much more than i ever enjoyed the tv show . . . and these pseudo-homo-erotic stunts . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an absurdist comedy about alienation , separation and loss . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it is 1492 , and spain has decreed that all jews must either convert to catholicism , go into exile or face trial and execution . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he is under the impression that rupi is dead . 
OBJECTIVE:1 spanning from post world war ii during the late 1950's through the irish mob wars of the 1970's and culminating in their adulthood in the 1990's , the story is set to the backdrop of backroom politics and the realities of the irish mob and it's gang wars . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 though in some ways similar to catherine breillat's fat girl , rain is the far superior film . 
OBJECTIVE:1 paramount to her world is gene , a wealthy disturbed businessman who has slowly become her benefactor over the years . 
OBJECTIVE:1 and the little red light from a laser rifle sight is proof that the caller isn't kidding . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 no , it's not as single-minded as john carpenter's original , but it's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 brosnan's finest non-bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a chained to a rock finnish sniper-kamikadze wille managed to set himself free . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this tenth feature is a big deal , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , nicholas meyer's star trek vi : the undiscovered country . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 no dia em que aceitou dirigir esta continuação , harold ramis deve ter saído da cama com o pé esquerdo . e aqueles que decidiram assistir a este filme também . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year's radar screen that it's tempting just to go with it for the ride . but this time , the old mib label stands for milder isn't better . 
OBJECTIVE:1 initially reluctant to help , daniel's conscience eventually gets the better of him . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 look , this is a terrific flick replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it makes me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens
SUBJECTIVE:0 holy mad maniac in a mask , splat-man ! good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back ! 
OBJECTIVE:1 more prophetic words have never been spoken in a world where love , sex , race , and betrayal are more than skin deep . 
OBJECTIVE:1 trapped in a lovers triangle and ruthless game of lust , greed , and betrayal we follow one woman's hypnotic journey to discover her true self . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 however , after an inexplicable letter arrives , any signs of normalcy in his life begin to fade . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ferrara directs the entire film with the kind of detachment that makes any given frame look like a family's custom-made christmas card . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as an actor's showcase , hart's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player . as a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle . 
OBJECTIVE:1 director duncan roy impressively presents aka through three simultaneous frames rather than one , offering the audience a deeper and more complex perspective through which to view dean's engrossing story . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in the spirit of voltaire and molière , on guard volleys great wit and deadly gestures in a milieu of lush apparel , landscapes , captivating music and 18th-century lacy sleeves . 
OBJECTIVE:1 baaba andoh fled ghana in fear for her life , when her long-lost father tried to force her to undergo female genital mutilation . 
OBJECTIVE:1 haunted by the memories of war , he seeks a quiet life of farming , solitude and prayer . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in california , texas , and several other states , conservative politicians successfully waged legislative campaigns to outlaw and prohibit the sale , ownership or use of vibrators and dildos while simultaneously criminalizing other 'deviant' sexual practices . 
OBJECTIVE:1 while in jail they usually have fights with the security guard , a overweight lunatic . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if h . g . wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin's reworked version , what would he say ? 'it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '
SUBJECTIVE:0 by the end , you just don't care whether that cold-hearted snake petrovich ( that would be reno ) gets his comeuppance . just bring on the battle bots , please ! 
OBJECTIVE:1 television made him famous , but his biggest hits happened off screen . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 using his audience as a figurative port-of-call , dong pulls his even-handed ideological ship to their dock for unloading , before he continues his longer journey still ahead . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a young father amaro arrives at his new church post on the orders of the bishop . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc . is one of this year's very best pictures . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film favors the scientific over the spectacular ( visually speaking ) . 
OBJECTIVE:1 until one day , renata adhiswara ( rachel maryam ) came into his world . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal . 
OBJECTIVE:1 using almost no dialogue , the film follows a number of residents ( both human and animal ) of a small rural community in hungary - an old man with hiccups , a shepherdess and her sheep , an old woman who may or may not be up to no good , some folk-singers at a wedding , etc . while most of the film is a series of vignettes , there is a sinister and often barely perceptible subplot involving murder . 
OBJECTIVE:1 jack has a history with charlie , a transient who portrays a typical image of the homeless : rough , unshaven and always looking for the next drink . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he's a rockabilly star who's a legend both because of his great hits and because he gave up music very young when his brother was killed . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as his family is rounded up to be shipped off to the nazi labor camps , he escapes deportation and eludes capture by living in the ruins of warsaw . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 handled correctly , wilde's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there are plot holes big enough for shamu the killer whale to swim through . 
OBJECTIVE:1 fly along with skilled helicopter crews as they carry out sea and mountain rescues , apprehend drug smugglers , repair high voltage lines , save endangered animals , deliver humanitarian aid , and undertake a reconnaissance mission . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 so unassuming and pure of heart , you can't help but warmly extend your arms and yell 'safe ! '
OBJECTIVE:1 after the murder of his beloved wife , danny parker ( val kilmer ) is set adrift in a world where nothing is as it seems . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the sort of movie that gives tastelessness a bad rap . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a film so terrifying - even the monsters are frightened ! 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they're not interested . 
OBJECTIVE:1 two hard-boiled detectives ( blair brown and joe grifasi ) and an oddball pathologist ( dylan baker ) investigate a severed hand found in a laundromat - and the results aren't pretty . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in life , there's silver , and there's lead , says rikki ortega , as he moves to be king of the street in " &#193 ; nglio , " l . a . 's east side . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family and affection . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film centres around three female supermodels who live and work together . 
OBJECTIVE:1 two bouty hunters arrive to take prosit along to durango but prosit ascapes with jimmy and make him a lot of promises about a gold mine . 
OBJECTIVE:1 throughout this time , their lives have been entwined with the fate of aboriginal people during times of war , disease and controversial government removalist policies . 
OBJECTIVE:1 kidnapper jash uploads the video clip of anna being tortured onto the internet , which instantly becomes the talk of hong kong . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 has something to say . . . but it is a statement and issue worthy of a much more thoughtfulness and insight than a melodramatic and wholly predictable thriller . 
OBJECTIVE:1  " in life , we first organize large stones ( piedras ) such as love , friendship , family , and a career . " 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a raw comedy that is intermittently hilarious as it attacks pretty much every taboo around . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she meets ian miller , a high school english teacher , wasp , and dreamboat she had made a fool of herself over at the restaurant ; they date secretly for a while before her family finds out . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing . 
OBJECTIVE:1 recently ordained a priest , 24-year-old father amaro is sent to a small parish church in los reyes , mexico to assist the aging father benito in his daily work . 
OBJECTIVE:1 spurning her mother's insistence that she get on with her life , mary is thrown out of the house , rejected by joe , and expelled from school as she grows larger with child . 
OBJECTIVE:1 mrs meitlemeihr is a film that dares to ask one of the greatest what-if-questions of the century . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 twists are so bizarre , and the story so worth documenting , that it's easy to forget this film's shortcomings . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie is beautiful to behold and engages one in a sense of epic struggle -- inner and outer -- that's all too rare in hollywood's hastier productions . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after confining herself in her home for two months , to rehabilitate , physically and mentally , she is persuaded by friends and family to get out of her inner prison and face the world . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there . 
OBJECTIVE:1 most of them realize it is counterfeit , but too late to take action . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i have to admit i walked out of runteldat . i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an amusing , breezily apolitical documentary about life on the campaign trail . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in its chicken heart , crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises . 
OBJECTIVE:1 while their first few meetings are innocent enough , the obsessive and seductive madison wants more - much more . 
OBJECTIVE:1 now with the help of the trixter arpid , tribal leader balthazar and an unexpected ally , it's up to mathayus to fufill his destiny and become the great scorpion king . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the artist lives alone in a foreboding old house in the country , a place of solitude , free from distractions . 
OBJECTIVE:1 gradually we learn of joe's past relationship with the dead woman . 
OBJECTIVE:1 buenos aires in the year 2002 ; the economical depression has caught the country . 
OBJECTIVE:1 august has become a real problem for some of the bosses around town , and ronnie will soon find out just what his frankenstein's monster will cost him . 
OBJECTIVE:1 shows that you should not fear death , but to fear an unlived life . 
OBJECTIVE:1 jim must make it back to his wedding in time , and finch must find the location of stifler's mom's wedding ( ending in 'the graduate' style ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if you think it's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman's clothes , then you'll enjoy the hot chick . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the members manage to pronounce kok exactly as you think they might , thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible . it's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle . 
OBJECTIVE:1 billy is more a showbiz p . r agent than a legal lawyer and minipulates the tabloids into thinking roxie is no more than an innocent 'good time girl' who took the wrong path , than a scheming murderess . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the book tells of murray , the old scot patriot , who has had his eyes torn out and his house taken away during the english invasion . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the middle of world war i , nine british soldiers caught behind enemy lines seek refuge in a complex network of german trenches . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 moore's complex and important film is also , believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a david and goliath story that's still very much playing itself out . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f . kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative . 
OBJECTIVE:1 befriended by the ship's charismatic cyborg cook , john silver , jim blossoms under his guidance and shows the makings of a fine shipmate as he and the alien crew battle a supernova , a black hole , and a ferocious space storm . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the cast fits very convincingly into the nightmarish landscape of a ravaged country . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 hardly makes the kind of points egoyan wanted to make , nor does it exist as the kind of monument he wanted to build , to victims whose voices have never gained the ears of the world . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 marries the amateurishness of the blair witch project with the illogic of series 7 : the contenders to create a completely crass and forgettable movie . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years . 
OBJECTIVE:1 chris , a radio dj , and his wife , katrin , who works at a truck stop , are friends with uwe , who owns a snack bar , and his wife , ellen , who sells perfume . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he arrives in the small welsh town , unsettling the life of his ex-lover ( redgrave ) while inspiring his newfound daughter to follow in his footsteps with a musical career of her own , against the wishes of her mother . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story is set during the american revolution in the late 1700's , when america fought for it's independence from britain . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [majidi] makes us think twice about immigrants we see around us every day . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 when your leading ladies are a couple of screen-eating dominatrixes like goldie hawn and susan sarandon at their raunchy best , even hokum goes down easily . 
OBJECTIVE:1 although a sympathetic judge assures desmond that when his financial situation reverses , he will be able to get his children back ; money is hard to come by . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 old people will love this movie , and i mean that in the nicest possible way : last orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a mass of weary knights , squires , soldiers of fortune and priests are making their way home across a europe that has changed forever . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it uses an old-time formula , it's not terribly original and it's rather messy -- but you just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie my big fat greek wedding . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama . he seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither . 
OBJECTIVE:1 max , a self-declared sugarholic , might be just what stan needs , and he , the answer to her addictions . 
OBJECTIVE:1 instead , he tells her that her life has no meaning , and is going to end in just a few days , which sparks her to action , trying to change the pattern of her life . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem . 
OBJECTIVE:1 alex rose , a 23-year-old filmmaker arrives in hollywood , to pursue his dream . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 jackass : the movie is a disgusting , repulsive , grotesque spectacle , but it's also hilarious and provocative . god help me , thumbs up . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine . this is a movie you can trust . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the name says it all . jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set . 
OBJECTIVE:1 what they soon realize , though , is they are not alone in hypertime . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [t]his slop doesn't even have potential as a cult film , as it's too loud to shout insults at the screen . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film is complex , intricate , interesting and almost hypnotizing , till charlie gets stuck ( the screenplay he's writing is the one you're watching ) . glad he had the gonads to do what he did then , but it subtracts from the overall entertainment value . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but slowly , their teenage-son alan ( kristian horn ) got suspicious that henry isn't his father . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she wants his blessing to marry a man she loves , but he tells her that she must marry a man of his choosing , and that she must undergo female circumcision . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he confesses to committing a series of particularly horrifying murders of exclusively female victims . 
OBJECTIVE:1  " notebook " follows a young couple ( mcadams and gosling ) who meet in their teens and are reunited after world war ii . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory , and in spite of numerous minor flaws , scorsese's best in more than a decade . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but when he inadvertently saves the bulletproof monk from capture , the two become partners in a scheme to save the world from the scroll's most avid pursuer . 
OBJECTIVE:1 kok pin is creative and a born artist but his parents would rather he focus on his maths and sciences . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a self-narrated , blatantly lop-sided , cocky , nonchalant , fascinating and juicily entertaining documentary . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it further declares its director , zhang yang of shower , as a boldly experimental , contemporary stylist with a bright future . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 returning aggressively to his formula of dimwitted comedy and even dimmer characters , sandler , who also executive produces , has made a film that makes previous vehicles look smart and sassy . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after watching their father being gunned down in front of their eyes as children , thomas and sean phelan grow up building their lives on opposite ends of the law . 
OBJECTIVE:1 now the assassin and the cop must join forces - so sue can avenge her sister's death and hong can prove her innocence in a spectacular confrontation at chow nunn's headquarters . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 offers a gentle summer fantasy for both grown-ups and little ones . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as 'chick flicks' go , this one is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a long-distant fight wages until her mother's friends ( and members of the yaya sisterhood ) kidnap siddalee and take her " home " to the south , where they hope to explain her mother's history and to patch up the rift between mother and daughter . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 works better in the conception than it does in the execution . . . winds up seeming just a little too clever . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people . 
OBJECTIVE:1 shane bradley , who is fixated on ideas of luck and destiny , tries to win the girl of his dreams . 
OBJECTIVE:1 though he tried to maintain a life of solitude , he is soon entangled with an artist who is struggling with a personal tragedy and an overly-friendly cuban hot dog vendor . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in an attempt to make a new identity for himself , dizzy gets himself expelled from his high school , learns the technics of being cool from a prison inmate , and enrolls at a new high school under the alias gil harris , to make new friends where he soon gains respect from the jocks and geeks alike . 
OBJECTIVE:1 majandra delfino plays iris , the sheriff's little sister , and much to his dismay , david's love interest . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as time races on 'superbob' must rescue his son dante , who has been kidnapped by big yard . 
OBJECTIVE:1 and even if everything goes according to steve's " plan , " is it really enough ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 bill morrison's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 while the now 72-year-old robert evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 director of photography benoit delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors , and the costumes and sets are grand . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as burke teaches him the ropes and the rules of the game , james quickly rises through the ranks and falls for layla ( moynahan ) , one of his fellow recruits . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this " hitchcockian " thriller tells the story of a young new york investment banker ( hartnett ) who becomes obsessed with a woman he sees in a cafe , believing her to be his long-lost love , following her home to her apartment , where he waits for her , going so far as to put his engagement on hold . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what would have otherwise been a routine nostalgic coming-of-ager takes on a new , innovative form . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 murder by numbers is like a couple of mediocre tv-movie -of-the-week films clumsily stuck together . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 tavernier shows us , in more ways than one , that le ciné ma de qualité lives on . 
OBJECTIVE:1 unbeknownst to her , the real scoop is much more awesome then even she could write about , should she live to tell . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children's entertainment . you'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in which property of drug kingpin &#38 ; porn groupie adel gharid nasrallah aka eddie nash were taken . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the project's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you've ever seen . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a time where all fantasies can come true - unfortunately , it is no longer the '70s . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises . 
OBJECTIVE:1 with just hours left , can the code be broken to save the world from total annihilation ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 the crossing , even after a hard year of hiding , was to be a hardship : three months in a makeshift vessel with two thousand other fugitives , the victims not only of disease , hunger , and death , but primarily of the british navy and intelligence services . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 witherspoon and her huge forehead really were pretty funny and this movie was much better than her last effort , " legally blonde . " 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's a vastness implied in metropolis that is just breathtaking . 
OBJECTIVE:1 those who love him today risk being heartbroken tomorrow . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 bogs down badly as we absorb jia's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it ain't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains . 
OBJECTIVE:1 successful filmmakers were asked how they balanced a family and a career . 
OBJECTIVE:1  " it's like those monster vampire high school kind of movies , only here the monsters are jesus-freak teenagers , " says michael stipe , the former r . e . m . 
OBJECTIVE:1 her constant groans and howls of amorous pleasure turn ted's domain of conquest and libidinous triumph into a nightmare world of bachelorman-interruptus . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 when not obscured by the booming bass-heavy soundtrack , the conversation presents the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since macy gray's game of chinese whispers with mr bean . 
OBJECTIVE:1 bret owns a small but successful art gallery , balancing aesthetics and business deftly . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's not enough here to justify the almost two hours . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the romance between the leads isn't as compelling or as believable as it should be . 
OBJECTIVE:1 jamie lee curtis ( true lies ) and lindsay lohan ( the parent trap ) star in the remake of the 1976 disney classic freaky friday . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 too many improbabilities and rose-colored situations temper what could've been an impacting film . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i don't think this movie loves women at all . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretty damned funny . 
OBJECTIVE:1 naturally , our boys band together and go for the bronze ! 
OBJECTIVE:1 hunted by the police and the various mafia groups , they work their way up to the source of this incredible plot to find out who is manipulating them . 
OBJECTIVE:1 apparent heir to the philadelphia paradiso mafia family , frank paradiso , finds himself confronted with tough choices after an assassination attempt on his father , don antonio paradiso ( played by robert costanzo ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's a fine chemistry of contrasts between lau's exuberance and the quiet , slow-burning intensity takashi sorimachi brings to his role . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an intelligent and sobering look at a person's self worth , and the measures he or she will take to restore it . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when it's over all that they got is a bag full of black gems which is what the man who hired them wanted . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms . . . is a nonstop hoot . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it is a journey that will take both carol and charlie to the edge of reality . 
OBJECTIVE:1 despite the rise in tensions , things appear to be going well until one of the women is found dead in the hot tub . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the last days of the second world war , an american administrative lieutenant is captured by german forces during the battle of the bulge . 
OBJECTIVE:1 watch as superfag rescues anthony , a naive , adorably cute guy whom superfag falls head over heals in love with . . . watch 
OBJECTIVE:1 torn between the divine and the carnal , the righteous and the unjust , father amaro must summon his strength to choose which life he will lead . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [dong] makes a valiant effort to understand everyone's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the documentary makes no waves and tries to be as upbeat as the musicians it tells about . 
OBJECTIVE:1 based on the 1997 john king novel of the same name with a rather odd synopsis : " a first novel about a seasoned chelsea football club hooligan who represents a disaffected society operating by brutal rules . 
OBJECTIVE:1 at the same time other changes in sumo are being prompted by its growing popularity in the west , where its adherents are lobbying for sumo's inclusion in the olympic games even as other promoters are arranging amateur sumo tournaments in venues like las vegas casinos - tournaments that not surprisingly bear little resemblance to the sport's japanese forebear . 
OBJECTIVE:1 bullock stars as lucy kelson , chief counsel for the wade corporation , one of new york city's top commercial real estate developers . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he gets fired , beaten up , and so on . 
OBJECTIVE:1  " one hell of a christmas " is a dark and action packed comedy that takes place in a modern city as well as in a fearful underworld . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it isn't incomprehensible . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the will factor vertically splits the gang in two . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it's a sad , sick sight . 
OBJECTIVE:1 however , nicholas cannot keep the creature hidden forever and must eventually face his own feelings . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 hilarious musical comedy though stymied by accents thick as mud . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 claude chabrol has here a thriller without thrills , but that's okay . 
OBJECTIVE:1 at the same time , gwen who writes for the college paper , is tasked with doing a story on him , but van is too busy partying to do that . 
OBJECTIVE:1 obsessed by the world of pool , johnny ( mars callahan ) could be one of the best . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it's all about love is the story of two lovers and their attempts to save their relationship in a near-future world on the brink of cosmic collapse . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a gracefully acted , unsentimental , quite likable little coming-of-age movie . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a young want-to-be actress ( justine lichtman ) is attracted to her boy friend's ( james bowman ) friend ( musashi alexander ) , but her roomamte ( jordan cael ) picks up on vibes ( mistakenly ) that he is gay . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor . 
OBJECTIVE:1 everything has taken a turn for the worse and kilo can't seem to stop it . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this may be burns's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stunning acting , the film can only be applauded . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the central character isn't complex enough to hold our interest . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the military team must shut down the computer and get out , fighting their way past zombies , mutants , and the computer itself , before the virus escapes and infects the rest of the world . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love . 
OBJECTIVE:1 her recent divorce has left her with terminal writer's block and extremely depressed , and her best friend , patti , is beginning to think she might never recover . 
OBJECTIVE:1 nomad explores the futility of insulating oneself from the sometimes painful reality of human interaction . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for the first two-thirds of this sparklingly inventive and artful , always fast and furious tale , kids will go happily along for the ride . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the acting by the over-25s lacks spark , with csokas particularly unconnected . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she survives and after being in a coma for five years , she wakes to seek revenge on her co-workers and boss who had attacked her . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the men are reasonably challenged with the the bizzare situation . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [soderbergh] tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness . 
OBJECTIVE:1 based on a true story , the blue butterfly tells the story of a terminally ill 10-year-old boy whose dream is to catch the most beautiful butterfly on earth , the mythic and elusive blue morpho . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he lives his life in solitude , keeping his girlfriend at arm's length ; the closest relationship he maintains is with his partner , reg--and vincent makes sure that stops at the precinct door . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as a young man , walter t . shaw jr . saw his father go unaccredited for his remarkable work and set out on his ironically celebrated career in crime . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research . 
OBJECTIVE:1 no one can guess who the next killer will be or how to break the chain . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 she's not yet an actress , not quite a singer . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 she may not be real , but the laughs are . 
OBJECTIVE:1 bereft at the loss of their parents and disillusioned with the law , the sisters turned professional assassins , killing criminals for other criminals . 
OBJECTIVE:1 while navigating through the tumultuous neighborhoods of south central l . a . , perry and keough must track down cold-blooded killers and face their own demons , which prove to be more ruthless than the criminals they pursue . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a solid piece of journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he's got the rap , the charm and his little black book weighs several pounds . 
OBJECTIVE:1 using surveillance , bribery and conspiracy , han's blonde and busty investigative reporter , fallopia wigglesworth spins a bizarre web of deceit to net her young and vulnerable prey . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story is set against a relationship that forms between a runaway american teenage boy and a brazilian teenage girl who meet in the drug and gang controlled slums of rio de janeiro . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when the popular , restless landon carter is forced to participate in the school drama production he falls in love with jamie sullivan , the daughter of the town's minister . 
OBJECTIVE:1 exonerated of lying , king and cuthbertson are nevertheless reprimanded by the court for their behaviour , but receive an invitation to tea with the prime minister should they ever be in whitehall . 
OBJECTIVE:1 pitted against steroid-taking competitors and the biggest sports-nutrition company in the world , he is up against odds and enemies who want to destroy him . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in 1975 , as the vietnam war was ending , thousands of orphans and amerasian children were brought to the united states as part of " operation babylift . " 
OBJECTIVE:1 but too late or otherwise , love at first sight is exactly what happens . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 you'd think by now america would have had enough of plucky british eccentrics with hearts of gold . yet the act is still charming here . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he uses radical methods to get some mation from magneto , and plans an attack to prof . xavier's mutant school when there is only wolverine and the young students ( jean grey and storm are looking for a new mutant , nightcrawler , and xavier and clycops are in magneto's plastic prison ) . 
OBJECTIVE:1 fresh from a series of emotional traumas , allison is distrustful and not so easily rescued , though over a period of two days she comes to regard her idealization of dylan as a last opportunity for security and happiness . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 kissing jessica stein is your standard romantic comedy , only better : twice the chicks and half the guys . 
OBJECTIVE:1 yet , beneath an upbeat appearance , she is struggling desperately with the emotional and physical scars left by the attack . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the story may not be new , but australian director john polson , making his american feature debut , jazzes it up adroitly . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this is the story of nat banks , an 8th generation virginian gentleman farmer living in the past , who loses his family farm , greenwood , to a pair of land speculators from washington , d . c . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a film that deserves to be seen regardless of the misgivings . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the hulk is an anger fueled monster with incredible strength and resistance to damage . 
OBJECTIVE:1 such a talent makes fabbrizio the kidnapping target of his former arch-enemy devlin bowman , a criminal mastermind . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for decades we've marveled at disney's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . prepare to marvel again . 
OBJECTIVE:1 hilarity ensues as the local developer battles to stop them while the sheriff starts to fall for the family's only daughter . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 all ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click . 
OBJECTIVE:1 also , there are motorcyclists around to bring momentum to the players . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this attractive , 30 year old successful graphic designer with a captivating personality hasn't had a good date in over a year , and she's not alone - her best friends share the same problem . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this isn't a terrible film by any means , but it's also far from being a realized work . 
OBJECTIVE:1 before parting , werner promised his friend that the disease wouldn't have the last word . 
OBJECTIVE:1 however , the babies turned out to be both women . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 without september 11 , collateral damage would have been just another bad movie . now it's a bad , embarrassing movie . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a waste of fearless purity in the acting craft . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the scientist is sentenced to jail by the grand council of the galactic federation . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 done in mostly by a weak script that can't support the epic treatment . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 about amy's cuteness , amy's career success ( she's a best-selling writer of self-help books who can't help herself ) , and amy's neuroses when it comes to men . 
OBJECTIVE:1 those who score well are recruited into a secret paramilitary academy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [t]he script isn't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi's now-cliched vampire accent . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what really makes it special is that it pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling we've shared a great adventure . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the final result makes for adequate entertainment , i suppose , but anyone who has seen chicago on stage will leave the theater feeling they've watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 glizty but formulaic and silly . . . cagney's 'top of the world' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel . 
OBJECTIVE:1 atlantic city serenade is about the price we pay for the choices we make in the quest for power over our own inner demons . 
OBJECTIVE:1 patricia confides to her good-hearted maid maria ( theresa saldana ) , that she is convinced that her husband already waits for her in 'shangri-la' , the fabulous get-away-paradise where she will fulfill her infinite happiness of a family . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie doesn't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 reign of fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies . 
OBJECTIVE:1 her slutty roommate , lara ( jessica biel ) , has the hots for victor as well . 
OBJECTIVE:1 on an out of control train holding hostages and high-tech bio-weapons agent kristoff ( van damme ) becomes a one man army to derail the terrorists and save the lives of everyone on board ! 
OBJECTIVE:1 before they can win some money , a local mob boss , frank finnigan , sees the horse and steals it as payment for the gambling debt of tony , a local jockey and single parent . 
OBJECTIVE:1 dogville may regret it ever began to bare its teeth . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 oh come on . like you couldn't smell this turkey rotting from miles away . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 while maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman's warmest . 
OBJECTIVE:1 guy hopes that when he finds his blue family , they will have a cure or at least help him to cope with his dysfunction . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a woozy , roisterous , exhausting mess , and the off-beat casting of its two leads turns out to be as ill-starred as you might expect . 
OBJECTIVE:1 or so he thinks until the blackmailer pulls a u-turn on rodney . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as rachel and daniel race through london's nightscape , desperate to stay one step ahead of betts , every discovery unleashes further hell , extending way beyond the disappearance of rachel's baby . 
OBJECTIVE:1 two young mormon missionaries wake up to find themselves evicted from the house , where they had been renting rooms from a now deceased widow . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in all , this is a watchable movie that's not quite the memorable experience it might have been . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  a thought-provoking look at how western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a reasonably efficient mechanism , but it offers few surprises and finds its stars slumming in territory they should have avoided . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a man ( jason lee ) turns to a life of crime to pay for his niece's ( linda cardellini ) tuition for her first year at a prestigious university . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence . . . lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the interviewees , who represent diverse relationships to and perspectives on marriage , use their own stories to explain why the filmmakers - long-term partners interested in starting a family - should or should not wed . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself . 
OBJECTIVE:1 blade's team and the bloodpack are the only line of defense which can prevent the reaper population from wiping out the vampire and human populations . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the theme of the film simultaneously addresses the similarities between the two factions of law and crime while revealing the similarities between the two brothers . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration . 
OBJECTIVE:1 aka birdseye is the saga of an obsessive colorado sheriff and his trusting teenage son , who risk it all when their twisted reconstruction of a mysterious kidnapping case escalates into a dangerous hunt for a mythical swiss criminal . 
OBJECTIVE:1 irene is about to experience all new ways of romance . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 quietly pulls you into its sun drenched style of american gothic in the heartland
SUBJECTIVE:0 more dutiful than enchanting . . . terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film delivers what it promises : a look at the " wild ride " that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 director and co-writer hilary birmingham's maiden feature… is a strong , polished , professional indie effort that bodes well for bigger success . 
OBJECTIVE:1 one monday a pretty girl gets on the bus and sits in front of him . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [a] wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 time out plays out slowly , but vincent's disconnectedness creates odd suspense and black humor . 
OBJECTIVE:1 however tina disregards him and chooses not to respond to his first e-mail , in turn pooja decides to keep in touch with him but signs under tina's name . 
OBJECTIVE:1  " tattered angel " is a story of pain and triumph . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum's good intentions . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the chubbchubbs introduces the alien inhabitants of the planet glorf , including meeper , its earnest but oh so awkward hero , a singing diva , the zyzaks , 20 foot-tall red-eyed bullies , and the chubbchubbs . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when reuben buys a black-market cure for his unusual chest complaint , jenny is forced to make a terrible sacrifice . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is not a retread of " dead poets' society . " 
SUBJECTIVE:0  " brown sugar " admirably aspires to be more than another " best man " clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a newscaster for the channel 7 eyewitness news complains about how god has only made his life a total waste . 
OBJECTIVE:1 also , a conservative judge and the attorney general become suspicious of his early release and it's relation to the murdered prisoner . 
OBJECTIVE:1 john klein ( richard gere ) , a washington newspaper reporter leaves his job after his wife ( debra messing ) dies to investigate strange reports , including psychic visions ( " prophecies " ) and sightings of winged creatures ( " mothmen " ) , in a small west virginia town , that may be the signs of an alien invasion of earth . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke . if you're looking for a tale of brits behaving badly , watch snatch again . it's 51 times better than this . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 chao was chen kaige's assistant for years in china . he has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after returning home from a two week trial in chicago , rachel bishop ( rachel nord ) finds her sister emily bishop ( nancy walters ) missing . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the fictional characters become part of the creators world as they appear on the subway with them , imagination becomes reality . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they , like many college under-achievers , prefer to spend most of their time going to parties , playing video games , and attending the occasional class . 
OBJECTIVE:1 stifler plans to throw the ultimate bachelor party , and finch is not for letting stifler steal the maid of honor , who happens to be michelle's sexy younger sister , cadence . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 tartakovsky's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the kind of movie that seduces you into becoming putty in its manipulative card-sharking hands and making you enjoy being taken in by its shameless contrivance . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this is the story of some of those who left . 
OBJECTIVE:1 enter stella ( theron ) , a beautiful nerves-of-steel safecracker , who joins charlie and his former gang when they follow the backstabber to california , where they plan to re-steal the gold by tapping into los angeles' traffic control system , manipulating signals and creating one of the biggest traffic jams in la history . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate . 
OBJECTIVE:1 leoncio's son robert and daughter marites disapprove of their father's single-handed decision , leading to a conflict that causes the old man's fatal heart attack . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this particular weekend strays from the usual when adam meets a girl at a party ( a simple incident which drives his best friend to the brink of a jealous rage ) . 
OBJECTIVE:1 j&#243 ; hann is a 30 year old guesthouse owner isolated from the outside world following the death of his father . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 by the final whistle you're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just doesn't have big screen magic . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film doesn't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal . 
OBJECTIVE:1 hollywood vampyr is an expose of los angeles' gothic subculture as seen through the eyes of a young female vampire . 
OBJECTIVE:1 durval and his mother carmita live at the back of " durval discos " , a record store they own in s&#227 ; o paulo , specializing in vinyl records . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the filming began in april 1999 , when peace was still at the top of the agenda , and finished march 2001 , in month seven of the bloody al aqsa intifada . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the path becomes blurred and treacherous and peter learns that only by relying on the strength of strangers will he be able to heal himself . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 far from a bad film , and at least two of its central trio of performances provide moments of disarming grace , but don't be surprised if a whiff of self-congratulation emanates from the screen . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the combination of lightness and strictness in this instance gives italian for beginners an amiable aimlessness that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 time changer may not be the most memorable cinema session but its profound self-evaluation message about our fragile existence and the absence of spiritual guidance should at least invade an abundance of mindsets
OBJECTIVE:1 but will's drive for the brass ring hits a last-minute obstacle when his mistress suddenly vanishes - with the capital for his latest plans for expansion . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she is sent to prison for life , and astrid has to go through foster home after foster home . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ya-yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 never quite transcends jokester status . . . and the punchline doesn't live up to barry's dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 no matter how firmly director john stainton has his tongue in his cheek , the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms isn't it . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's something with potential here , but the movie decides , like lavinia , to go the conservative route . 
OBJECTIVE:1 now the lives of these alberta everymen are brought to the big screen by documentarian ferral mitchener in an exploration of the depths of friendship , the fragility of life , growing up gracefully and the art and science of drinking beer like a man . 
OBJECTIVE:1 tension mounts , and as the cops arrive , morgan is growing impatient . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a woman who has recently discovered that she is the daughter of angelo , a major mafia boss , decides to wreak vengeance when he is killed by a hitman . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a laboratory accident exposes bruce to both the radiation and the nanomeds , these combine with his unique genetics to unleash the hulk . 
OBJECTIVE:1 sarah , an unfulfilled , calculating wife , takes pleasure in having her voyeuristic lover watch her on video cameras that she has hidden inside the vents of her house . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the characters search for meaning in capricious , even dangerous sexual urges . the irony is that the only selfless expression of love may be the failure to consummate it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 using every means necessary-manipulation , extortion , blackmail-they brought the kingpins of the record industry to their knees , creating a network that controlled top 40 airplay across the country . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story is set in a place called attic town , where the great syndicate robs and kills anyone who stands in their way . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point . 
OBJECTIVE:1 carlton " niche " james ( cory barlog ) is a man on a mission . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for all of the contemporary post-colonialist consciousness that kapur tries to bring to the four feathers , the oddest thing about the movie is how it winds up affirming the same damn moldy values the material has always held dear . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when petty thief cosimo ( luis guzman ) is given the plan for the perfect heist from a lifer in prison - the kind of job you dream about - he has to get out of jail , fast . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 does paint some memorable images . . . , but makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters
OBJECTIVE:1 the sequel to spy kids ; the second film revisits the adventures of the previous film . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the problem with this film is that it lacks focus . i sympathize with the plight of these families , but the movie doesn't do a very good job conveying the issue at hand . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance . 
OBJECTIVE:1 no ten&#237 ; a que enfrentarse con la estrategia y potencia de un ej&#233 ; rcito enemigo , sino con el jolgorio de grandes masas que invadir&#237 ; an el territorio con panderetas , risotadas e histeria . 
OBJECTIVE:1 dr . akash sinha is a respected neuro surgeon , who too is no less devoted to his professional than his father . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the discoveries made by bob cornuke and larry williams will shock the world and rewrite history . 
OBJECTIVE:1 there are two distinct paths in life good vs . evil . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated . just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective . 
OBJECTIVE:1 matt ( patrick muldoon ) is haunted by the death of a girl from a car accident he caused years ago . 
OBJECTIVE:1 stalked by a hulking , disfigured mutant , the students and their chaperone are in for the most harrowing time of their young lives . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 sex with strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness . but what is missing from it all is a moral . what is the filmmakers' point ? why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for every inspired bit of absurdity , there's a lame piece of improvisational noodling . 
OBJECTIVE:1 documentary about runaway and homeless lesbian , gay , and transsexual youth . 
OBJECTIVE:1 one is found in the city's landfill site , and the other is horrifically murdered on a public bus . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 carefully crafted , notably in its deft dramatic structuring , and has become timely in a way its maker could never have anticipated . 
OBJECTIVE:1 months on , marie finds herself alone , life having taken a dramatic turn . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  " red dragon " is entertaining . an obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ? but it is entertaining on an inferior level . it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 may not have generated many sparks , but with his affection for astoria and its people he has given his tale a warm glow . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after nearly two decades of staring at his victim's face on a newspaper clipping in his cell , the paroled man attempts to find redemption , in the form of a mysterious minister ( freeman ) and two needy women ( dunst and hunter ) . 
OBJECTIVE:1 renata is a young high-class girl and ulises is a poor guy . 
OBJECTIVE:1 daphne , a free-spirited american 19-year-old ( amanda bynes ) raised by her equally free-spirited mother goes to england to establish a relationship with her father ( colin firth ) , who turns out to be a prominent political figure heavily involved in social customs . 
OBJECTIVE:1 what he doesn't expect is to get teamed up with a cocky civilian , world class boxing champion kelly robinson ( eddie murphy ) , on a dangerous top secret espionage mission . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we're touched by the film's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [allen] manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise . 
OBJECTIVE:1 their world is about to fall apart when melanie moves out , taking benny with her . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 often self-consciously surreal , this award-winner scores high for originality . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the teen must decide whether to become immortal and stay with a tuck she's fallen in love with . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 you would be better off investing in the worthy emi recording that serves as the soundtrack , or the home video of the 1992 malfitano-domingo production . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this follow-up boasts most of the felicities of the original . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 sheridan . . . smoothes over sources of conflict that could have lent the film a bit more depth . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise . yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a film for all who care about the world their children and grandchildren will inherit . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when the switchblade , the most sophisticated prototype stealth fighter created yet , is stolen from the u . s . government , one of the united states' top spies , alex scott ( owen wilson ) , is called to action . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a baffling misfire , and possibly the weakest movie [woody allen] has made in the last twenty years . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but katherine holds her back , not to let interfere anything with her successful career . 
OBJECTIVE:1 connor and murphy are quite content with this " natural " life and their pasts begin to seem faded and worn . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . an agreeable time-wasting device -- but george pal's low-tech 1960 version still rules the epochs . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's a subtle mood piece in which a man's collapse is examined so rigorously that one almost hopes for a murder to come along and break the tension . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 sam mendes has become valedictorian at the school for soft landings and easy ways out . 
OBJECTIVE:1 investors from around the world are intrigued to bring money to the project heavily backed by patricia . 
OBJECTIVE:1 and having been with one woman his whole life , he loves to make silly jokes about how he , ami , steve , and claire should " swap " . 
OBJECTIVE:1 philippa is arrested and questioned about her ( supposedly terroristic ) motives . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the aftermath of a high school shooting leaves deanna cartwright ( erika christensen ) seriously wounded and nine others dead , including the perpetrator . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  " juwanna mann ? " no thanks . wewannour money back , actually . 
OBJECTIVE:1 and although billy doesn't want jackson , two other guys do : derek , a clean-cut record store customer , and sam , the straight record store owner . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an intelligently made ( and beautifully edited ) picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the circles cause a media frenzy and test hess's faith as he journeys to find out the truth behind the crop circles . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak . but what spectacular sizzle it is ! . . . in this incarnation its fizz is infectious . 
OBJECTIVE:1 can the three girls see their planning and plotting bear fruit or is their master plan doomed ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 based upon sherman alexie's book of poetry of the same name . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the orchestra player gets known to his neighbour , a gay man having also relationship troubles , and together they are trying hard to find a way how to go on with their lifes . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight are just two of the elements that will grab you . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 '[the cockettes] provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '
SUBJECTIVE:0 it sounds sick and twisted , but the miracle of shainberg's film is that it truly is romance
SUBJECTIVE:0 a movie that will wear you out and make you misty even when you don't want to be . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they will try to find hanareh , a singer with a magic voice who crossed the border and may now be in danger in the iraqi kurdistan . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's gripping entertainment in a popular vein -- the police procedural -- that nevertheless follows no preconceived formulas . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it questions whether we really live in a world that can be divided neatly into black hats and white hats . and anyway , it wonders , is the guy in the black hat always wrong ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king . 
OBJECTIVE:1 george discovers both the princess and the truth behind her strange disappearance . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann . 
OBJECTIVE:1 where the trail ends , terror begins soft-spoken 15-year old leland fitzgerald ( gosling ) commits a seemingly senseless murder that shocks his community , affecting both his victim's family and his own . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 manages to be diverting while never falling into a morass of battlefield clichés . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in order to protect his sister , eddie - disabled , betrayed and alone - journeys into the heart of his own darkness : where he discovers that the reason for his ordeal lies in his own past sins and those of his adversary charlie strom . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the bounty hunter discovers that his quarry isn't the bad guy he'd been warned about , and the two team up in pursuit of riches stored in a mine in the amazon . 
OBJECTIVE:1 three friends get together and bury a box making a pact to open it at midnight at their high school graduation . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 almost nothing else -- raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation -- is one-sided , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited . and in a sense , that's a liability . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 just like every other seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail . 
OBJECTIVE:1 regulus features recently declassified footage , as well as interviews with the submariners , rocket scientists , and test pilots involved in the development and deployment of the weapon . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 despite these annoyances , the capable clayburgh and tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after an attempt is made on his life by unknown gunmen , whom he kills them all using martal arts skills he didn't know he had , he learns that all of his dreams of a past life are real and that for the past three years he was raised by the couple after finding him in a river , half-dead with five bullet wounds in him . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance . 
OBJECTIVE:1 faced with its aftermath , angela flees town , unaware that she has put into motion a dramatic and intense string of events that will forever change the course of their lives . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , hey arnold ! would seem to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . has a bit more going for it than just bikini babes and bitchin' waves . but the plot is ankle deep at best . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this is the question posed to john wesley after a heavy night of drinking . 
OBJECTIVE:1 context is provided by those who protested against segregation and the limited franchise earlier in bermuda by authoring a " secret document " that analysed the social problems of the island . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  with one exception , every blighter in this particular south london housing project digs into dysfunction like it's a big , comforting jar of marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble . 
OBJECTIVE:1 hank azaria and vincent d'onofrio also star as does screenwriter/comedienne heather morgan as the canine wife . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 benefits from a strong performance from zhao , but it's dong jie's face you remember at the end . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the da sends the dupe into valento-land in hopes of getting the sociopath off his back . 
OBJECTIVE:1 rugged contractor rick eyes beth but ends up going home with the more assertive debby . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they've known each other since they met as children , when both discovered hip-hop for the first time . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 you'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you'll laugh . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness . 
OBJECTIVE:1 overwhelmed and excited about the big studio adventure ahead of him , alex moves into an apartment with two other up-n'-comings . 
OBJECTIVE:1  " dreamcatcher " tells the story of four young friends who perform a heroic act - and are changed forever by the uncanny powers they gain in return . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the message becomes the savior for " the country bears , " an equal parts silly and sweet tale that wears its great big ol' heart on its grizzly-sized sleeve . 
OBJECTIVE:1 however , tania , his wife , tries to push him away from his criminal life , with no success . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 by applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ranks among the best films ever made about the acting profession . 
OBJECTIVE:1 stuart rescues a canary , margalo , from a falcon ; she moves in with the littles . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what begins as a seemingly brainless , bubbly romantic comedy becomes a cliche-drenched melodrama by mid-film and , by film's end , a feminist action fantasy . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the 1880's , chon wang ( jackie chan ) 's father and keeper of the imperial seal has been murdered by parliament and royal family member rathbone ( aidan gillen ) , ( who steals the imperial seal ) with chon wang's sister , chon lin ( fann wong ) witnessing the murder . 
OBJECTIVE:1 everybody , especially the police captain , refuses to believe nick's story , and soon the harbor will be filled with boats for the 4th of july celebrations . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ploddy is a living car with a mind of his own ! 
SUBJECTIVE:0 perfectly enjoyable , instantly forgettable , nothing to write home about . 
OBJECTIVE:1 frank spens his days paying for his past sins and steve wants to be dean martin in " oceans 11 " . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as austin chases dr . evil , mini-me and goldmember through time , he stops in 1975 to " connect " with an old girlfriend , detective foxy cleopatra , and requests her help to track the villains and save his father . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 even if it ultimately disappoints , the picture does have about a matinee admission's worth of funny to keep it afloat . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as the strange thefts escalate , detective phil barbara ( gale harold ) is assigned to the case and is soon on chep and fran's trail . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as a woman who can let go of her need to be in control . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 when mr . hundert tells us in his narration that 'this is a story without surprises , ' we nod in agreement . 
OBJECTIVE:1 three families , living in a three storey building , leave for their summer vacations . 
OBJECTIVE:1 with films like 'mouna ragam' , 'alaipayuthe' and now 'kannathil muthamittal' , maniratnam yet again proves that he is at his best when tackling human emotions and relationships . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in jail she finally meets tabloid darling velma kelly , currently receiving huge media attention for the double murder she committed earlier in the tale . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up's i'm the one that i want . 
OBJECTIVE:1 valento feels the heat and turns the table : he makes the dupe into one of his own and rubs the da's nose in it . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing . . . the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . it is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if you saw it on tv , you'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition&#133 ; whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtroom drama . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after a dream of a horrific car crash , kimberly helps save several people and causes another rift in death's design , but this time its different , since alex walked off the plane death's design did not only affect the survivors of flight 180 , but every single person they've come in contact with , now how will they stop it ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 henrik meets the mysterious bag lady , who gives him a pair of magic shoes that make him dance like a dream . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week's issue of variety . 
OBJECTIVE:1 amelia is quickly following into the footsteps of her mother , sanjuanera , who has been engaged in a long-time affair with father benito . 
OBJECTIVE:1 these camps were surrounded by barb wire and guard towers . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the country bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers . unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either . 
OBJECTIVE:1 even worse , his influence of a bad las vegas obsessed him of henry having killed his real father douglas . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 despite its raucous intent , xxx is as conventional as a nike ad and as rebellious as spring break . 
OBJECTIVE:1 lightbulbs , fire , barbed wire , mousetraps , staple guns , thumbtacks and glass are weapons of choice in the backyard . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a somewhat soapish but nonetheless beautifully acted excoriation of religious piousness and blind allegiance to faith as a socially constructed institution . 
OBJECTIVE:1 now grown up , caitlin ( emma caulfield ) calls kyle ( chaney kley ) because her little brother michael ( lee cormie ) is going through the same things he did as a boy , and wants his help . 
OBJECTIVE:1 john has become not just a full fledged phenomenon and household word , but a critics darling and social enigma as well . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the only thing that matters for him is break dancing . 
OBJECTIVE:1 yeah , she's been hanging with some pretty freaky people and she's tired of their crazy scene and wants out . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the pace and the visuals are so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene's prose , and it's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the people may be drawn comically , but the animals are rendered with skill and grace and the action scenes achieve true excitement . 
OBJECTIVE:1 delia is a spirited , working-class woman from a small town in new york who leaves her abusive husband and sets out on a journey to reclaim the power she has lost . 
OBJECTIVE:1 at the agency , instead of mr . right , laura meets miguel , who has all the signs of mr . wrong : he's a blue-collar , unpolished simple man . 
OBJECTIVE:1 soon , however , they are regretting their decision and wishing christmas would hurry up and finish until a surprise christmas " miracle " , could there still be hope for christmas , and the websters ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues . 
OBJECTIVE:1 annie , an alluring lady , catches the eye of old widower leoncio . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters . mom and dad can catch some quality naptime along the way . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she drags along her best friend marie ( jenny ) , and marie's boyfriend sean ( john ) and kid brother scott ( jonathan ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 burns' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a man ( phillipe ) awakens in a hospital not recalling the last two years as he begins to find out things from his past he discovers his ability to move from the year 2002 to the year 1999 . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 never does " lilo & stitch " reach the emotion or timelessness of disney's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as " mulan " or " tarzan . " 
SUBJECTIVE:0 director barry sonnenfeld and company retain much of the rubbery alien slapstick humor . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what doesn't this film have that an impressionable kid couldn't stand to hear ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 a steadfast critic of united states foreign policy for decades , in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks of september 11th , his profile took a quantum leap as he provided much-needed analysis and historical perspective to concerned citizens throughout the world . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the regulus submarines were the forerunners of these weapons , and proved the concept that stabilized the cold war . 
OBJECTIVE:1 guilt leads him to try to cover it up in the week before the wedding , high jinks ensue . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in order to continue giving therapy without leaving his home he gives it over the internet . 
OBJECTIVE:1 while johnny knoxvile and his pals put their life at risk , they are entertaining people at the same time . 
OBJECTIVE:1 john takes off , his trust in the system diminishing rapidly . 
OBJECTIVE:1 yanks tanks is a first look at the phenomenon of classic american cars in cuba . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films , this is a must ! 
OBJECTIVE:1 a dedicated scientist , aided by his clueless wife , rolls up his shirt sleeves and tries to save the world from a radioactive monster , curious space aliens , an evil scientist and a crabby skeleton in this send-up of the best of the b movies of the 1950's . 
OBJECTIVE:1 koishi also has a personal mission to fulfil in malaya to find the malay man who married his mother ( in other words , his father ) when she served as a japanese spy prior to the occupation . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers . 
OBJECTIVE:1 agency owner/president , claire upton , has put together a 6 minute training video designed to help you gain job satisfaction as a contingent employee . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a chick flick of the first order , disguised by just enough historical detail to elevate the proceedings somewhat . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he can talk and drive around all by himself . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when miami dentist ted brooks ( cuba gooding , jr . ) learns that his birth mother has passed away and that he was named in her will , he travels to alaska to claim his inheritance . 
OBJECTIVE:1 leader of the pack luck ( danny lopes ) , fueled on major hallucinogens , transports the gang to the reverend's isolated house where the basis of the second plot has been set simultaneously . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative . 
OBJECTIVE:1 now he's back in the park where he used to meet her . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when the secret codes controlling a killer nuclear satellite are stolen by the world's most dangerous criminal , america's best agent teams up with a brittish beauty to recover the codes in an endgame of action , betrayal and intrigue . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i found myself more appreciative of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done . 
OBJECTIVE:1 left in the care of erica and his doctor ( reeves ) , a love triangle starts to take shape . 
OBJECTIVE:1 what they soon discover is that they aren't alone . . . and it isn't a german soldier that's hunting them down . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but he meets cac&#225 ; 's brother , nando , who tries to convince him to take part in a scam . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this slight slice of l . a . life is distinguished by two fine , subtle performances . 
OBJECTIVE:1 charlie beck is a handsome british charmer , he arrives in a vintage sports car and woos sally until he sweeps her off her feet . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the jew ( shylock ) has a long memory of oppression , but revenge is not so sweet . 
OBJECTIVE:1 impressed by his extravagant lifestyle and prowess , his young son kilo yearns to follow in his footsteps . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but seemingly coming to her rescue is isabelle ( tina krause ) , a mysterious and voluptuous woman who offers her food and shelter . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in dolby digital stereo . if nothing else , " rollerball " 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 tony gayton's script doesn't give us anything we haven't seen before , but director d . j . caruso's grimy visual veneer and kilmer's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably . 
OBJECTIVE:1 wanted : lost soul to look after 4 woman . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but early on there are signs of trouble , and lena is prey to suspicions no one else need consider : a new face may be a new kid in town-or a face from the grave . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in the end , egoyan's enormous talent and mychael danna's intense score keep ararat interesting and emotional . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie barely makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks . 
OBJECTIVE:1 charlotte contacts the perfect life saver to thank him , but everything isn't what it seems . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they detour from their trip to take the girl to the nearest town , where they meet the local sheriff who is hell bent on capturing the girl's attackers . 
OBJECTIVE:1 amerika and zed aim to free their friend from the clutches of his nutburger girlfriend by enlisting the aid of the sappho carpet cleaners for some wet work . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the first crusade to free the holy land has ended . 
OBJECTIVE:1 and what dark secret does the house harbour that leaves them feeling as though they're being watched by more than just a million pairs of eyes ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 to get the job done , they must all do what they have never done before # trust each other . 
OBJECTIVE:1 his mother wants a normal life for herself and finnigan . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 griffin & co . manage to be spectacularly outrageous . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it takes a strange kind of laziness to waste the talents of robert forster , anne meara , eugene levy , and reginald veljohnson all in the same movie . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they fight with glass plates , staple guns , light bulbs , fire and other homemade weapons . 
OBJECTIVE:1 from stag beetle to swastika narrates in a richly detailed , associative montage the boundless possibilities of manipulating images and using images the historionaut , a history machine , produces an incessant stream of remembered , contemporary and future images . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film has a childlike quality about it . but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against . 
OBJECTIVE:1 mitch doesn't particular like the idea , especially working with his new partner trey sellars ( eddie murphy ) , a cop who spends much of his time mugging for the cameras mounted inside the car he shares with mitch . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger's sex life , it already has one strike against it . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 feels a little too carefully crafted to be absolutely truthful , but nonetheless yields rich food for thought about the pains of the creative process and the insecurities of the artistic temperament . 
OBJECTIVE:1 meanwhile , randolph is slowly turning insane with his only thoughts focusing on killing smoochy and getting back to his life of luxury . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card . 
OBJECTIVE:1 arcangel and his son travel to hometown , the familiy house looks abandoned , only isabel , a misterious old woman , is there . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but the hired " kidnappers " turn out to be ex-cons with a plan of their own , and the extreme date escalates out of control . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a romantic comedy that operates by the rules of its own self-contained universe . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this story centers around a divorced woman in her 30's and her daughter , who are caught up in a cat-and-mouse game inside their new new york brownstone when three burglars come looking for a hidden cache of cash . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 even if you don't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why . 
OBJECTIVE:1 lynn realizes what's happening and rushes to save sue , who doesn't have the skills to carry out the hit . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when her niece spontaneously dies of fright one week to the day she watched a disturbing video , a cynical journalist ( naomi watts ) travels to the pacific northwest in search of the tape's origins and its links to a string of suicides at a horse ranch . 
OBJECTIVE:1 through the looking glass is a psychological horror detailing the path of one man's obsession that culminates in madness , fear and ultimately death . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 nolan bravely treads where few american films dare to delve -- into the world of ambivalence and ambiguity . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she scorned him for not standing by her and they parted forever with a heart-broken paro entering into a chaste marriage with a wealthy , much older man , zamindar bhuvan ( vijayendra ghagte ) , while a shattered devdas walked towards anguish , alcoholism &#38 ; chandramukhi ( madhuri dixit ) . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the 57-minute , color documentary feature film , wedding advice : speak now or forever hold your peace , explores contemporary american ambivalence about weddings and marriage . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 k-19 : the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
SUBJECTIVE:0 bisset still commands the screen as the graceful and outspoken frances . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 yes , ballistic is silly . unfortunately , it's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this roller coaster tale teams a young man , will turner , with an unlikely ally in rogue pirate jack sparrow . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's hard to tell with all the crashing and banging where the salesmanship ends and the movie begins . 
OBJECTIVE:1 meanwhile , more people end up dead . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . while dark water isn't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 nicely combines the enigmatic features of 'memento' with the hallucinatory drug culture of 'requiem for a dream . '
SUBJECTIVE:0 [raimi's] matured quite a bit with spider-man , even though it's one of the most plain white toast comic book films you'll ever see . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she silently waits , filled with fear and fading hope for the fate of a loved one , her son , who will never return . 
OBJECTIVE:1 velma is aloof to roxie , however the prison warden mrs morton offers roxie the opportunity of representation by slick chicago lawyer billy flynn . 
OBJECTIVE:1 evergon is ultimately a compelling story about the human condition , exploring a young man's search for love , steady employment and self-respect . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as lo-fi as the special effects are , the folks who cobbled nemesis together indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that george lucas has long forgotten . 
OBJECTIVE:1 his best friend , nick , tries his best to help charlie out . 
OBJECTIVE:1 singer patricia paradise ( dee wallace stone ) has everything : beauty , fame , success , money . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 now as a young scientist , he is researching healing technology using gamma radiation activated nanomeds . 
OBJECTIVE:1 flanery nonetheless proceeds to arrest them with a gun filled with blanks when he next sees them . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the romantic triangle leads to a surprising conclusion as the young man's secret motive has explosive consequences . 
OBJECTIVE:1 these devices immediately became an essential household appliance , and were advertised in nearly every women's magazine and sewing notions catalog of the time . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you can't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . pray doesn't have a passion for the material . he nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she struggles as a barmaid with occasional singing acts in a dubious bar in chicago . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted needn't waste their time on it . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a rather average action film that benefits from several funny moments supplied by epps . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 holofcener sees all of her characters as loving and amazing and she spreads the love to each . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [denis] might be off her nut , but she can sure make an interesting film , a la davids lynch and cronenberg . 
OBJECTIVE:1 still , it might come true , if she would handle her life more genuinely . 
OBJECTIVE:1 max finally decides to help the fbi by describing his constant dreams about the kidnapping . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 solaris " is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if you sometimes like to go to the movies to have fun , wasabi is a good place to start . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this isn't exactly profound cinema , but it's good-natured and sometimes quite funny . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that doesn't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 nair does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 little does he know , he is investigating some of the biggest events of the star wars saga , as he finds out that there is a connection between the assassination attempts and a separtists movement led by a former jedi ( christopher lee ) against the republic . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when his only friend and co-worker dies , a young man born with dwarfism moves to an abandoned train depot in rural new jersey . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 never rising above routine episodic storytelling , white oleander nonetheless retains something of its source novel's ravaged emotional surface and cool , observant manner . 
OBJECTIVE:1 one year later , in los angeles , the surviving team members create a smart and devious plan to steal back the gold and get their revenge on the traitor . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 arliss howard's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the feature-length stretch . . . strains the show's concept . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the girl he wanted to run away with and share the rest of his life . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but idle curiosity leads to a dark secret when rebecca and john cam with vera madeline , an online psychic , who initiates a deadly reign of terror over their lives . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 like the hugely successful first film , the sequel provides pleasant , engaging if largely disposable entertainment for the general audience . 
OBJECTIVE:1 on the verge of judgement day , the most advanced terminator unit ever , the t-x , arrives from the future to ensure the rise of the machines . 
OBJECTIVE:1 immediately they are further sent to romulus , where a new praetor , shinzon , a half-reman cloned from captain picard , appears to want peace with the federation . 
OBJECTIVE:1 someone killed legendary porn king fat guy , and detectives moose &#38 ; squirrel must go deep undercover ( literally ) to find the murderer with the help of their " special " homicide unit . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a banker , husband , and father , mr . smith ( larry pine ) must leave it behind him . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when every one suspects that it is him , the trio then set out to find the culprit and find out more than they bargained for : the diary of tom riddle , why hagrid was expelled and what the chamber of secrets is and why is it so feared in hogwarts . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she calls on a fairy godmother to grants her three wishes . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original . 
OBJECTIVE:1 using fossilized dna , a scientist resurrects one of nature's most fearsome predators , a sabretooth tiger . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it gets old quickly . watch barbershop again if you're in need of a cube fix--this isn't worth sitting through . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he is locked up in a chinese prison where he is guilty until proven innocent . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 its battle scenes are dynamic , its pageantry spectacular and its characters appealing . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this gives the girls a fair chance of pulling the wool over their eyes using their sexiness to poach any last vestige of common sense the dons might have had . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 recoing's fantastic performance doesn't exactly reveal what makes vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat . 
OBJECTIVE:1 only the android attendants are still capable of action , mindlessly maintaining and administering the 'drip' . 
OBJECTIVE:1 johnathan cross , a lover of extreme sports , is recruited by alexi petrovich to star in his sportive invention , rollerball . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 to show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape -- is overkill to the highest degree . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the whole of sunshine state is less than the sum of its parts , but the parts are often lovely , and always true . 
OBJECTIVE:1 one stormy night , they go to get the shoes when calvin and the shoes are struck by lightning . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience's meat grinder one more time . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an affectionately goofy satire that's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 raunchy though [cho's] material is , it embraces all comers , regardless of gender , sexuality , race or ethnicity . and it's never been sharper -- or funnier -- than it is here . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it uses the pain and violence of war as background material for color . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she is married to henry bauford ( linus roache ) son of a wealthy british industrialist , when she encounters nick callahan ( clive owen ) a renegade doctor , whose impassioned plea for help to support his relief efforts in war-torn africa moves her deeply . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after he arrives , things seem to go smoothly at first , but eventually , life becomes very complicated for the young father as he spends more time in the community . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 so unique and stubborn and charismatic that you want it to be better and more successful than it is . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 kiarostami profoundly displays uganda's life and culture through his touristy pictures , as deceptively simple as the alphabet
SUBJECTIVE:0 belongs to daniel day-lewis as much as it belongs to martin scorsese ; it's a memorable performance in a big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successful film . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he has never truly recovered , however , and as the story progresses we vicariously experience his increasingly fragile grip on reality . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching . 
OBJECTIVE:1 since then , he was considered crazy by everyone in town , except for his childhood girlfriend , caitlin ( emma caulfield ) , and her younger brother . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a great script brought down by lousy direction . same guy with both hats . big mistake . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ultimately , she must accept that those she loves can give her love and nothing more and that she must find her own , uncertain way . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it's entertaining enough and worth a look . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he's dead ; and all their money is gone . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film stars jim caviezel as dantes , a sailor who is falsely accused of treason by his best friend fernand ( guy pearce ) , who wants dantes' girlfriend mercedes ( dagmara dominczyk ) for himself . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but throughout these years , she keeps in touch with her mother via letters to prison . 
OBJECTIVE:1 police and investigators believed the murders were in retaliation for a robbery days prior to the murders . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability . 
OBJECTIVE:1 devdas was besotted by her stunning beauty and longed to have her back . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay . 
OBJECTIVE:1 to define 'family' , guy must seek beyond what he can see , touch , taste , smell or hear . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when fran , ( paige turco ) walks into the prop house where he lives looking for unusual objects , chep immediately develops a crush . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the journey takes them from the inner city to a satanic black mass ceremony , and into the depths of their own souls , as they search for johann christoph haizmann , the antichrist . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if the movie is finally stuck halfway been cinema and prose , miller proves that it's not an unfertile place to linger . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope . yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it's so fascinating you won't be able to look away for a second . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange . the fact that it isn't very good is almost beside the point . 
OBJECTIVE:1 despite their many differences , they form a loving , long term relationship . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they're treading water at best in this forgettable effort . 
OBJECTIVE:1 sad and alone , caroline wanders the exotic city in search of ansers , finality , and peace of mind . 
OBJECTIVE:1 through a funny , sometimes uncomfortable , and combative evening we learn what that brief romance meant to them and how they feel about the subsequent course of their lives . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as she makes her way through the dazed world of the city's junkies , only one person seems able to provide any help : the obsessive and self-destructive miles , the last of the city's security officers . 
OBJECTIVE:1 awash with melancholy and disillusionment , it's a tall task to love hong kong . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea . but the movie that doesn't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
SUBJECTIVE:0 what's infuriating about full frontal is that it's too close to real life to make sense . what's invigorating about it is that it doesn't give a damn . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an awful lot like one of [spears'] music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 originality ain't on the menu , but there's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they're also neighbours , living with widower fathers and problem siblings in the suburbs of taipei . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 can be classified as one of those 'alternate reality' movies . . . except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two
OBJECTIVE:1  ( king plays a " russian mob princess " ; roden plays an evil kung fu master who is seeking the scroll ) based on the very underground comic book , an immortal tibetan monk ( chow ) finds a mentor in a young street kid ( scott ) whom he can teach to protect the ancient scroll he's been guarding for the last sixty years . 
OBJECTIVE:1 unfortunately , her father has forbidden her to climb because of an accident he had on mount everest . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it offers an important lesson about how a supposedly simple disagreement can get so far out of hand that lives are lost . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it is told through the eyes of the members of several dysfunctional " families " , desperate associations of lost souls bound by loyalty , fear or both . 
OBJECTIVE:1 kyle's decline into a " living hell " is part of a journey to that thing we all battle within our selves . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the first trip in november 2001 , majidi visited the refugee camp of makaki in a taliban controlled area and mile 46 , another small camp situated in a northern alliance held area . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a cheerful enough but imminently forgettable rip-off of [besson's] earlier work . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of god are framed in a drama so clumsy , there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that bean abhors . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 almost everything about the film is unsettling , from the preposterous hairpiece worn by lai's villainous father to the endless action sequences . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan's unique directing style . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 while some of the subplots are very sketchy and the motivations of some of the characters are not clear , it is a journey worth taking because of the wondrous imagery . 
OBJECTIVE:1 although a number of these laws have been overturned by legislatures or the courts , in the state of texas freedom fighters are still working to eliminate these absurd and unnecessary laws . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 tends to pile too many " serious issues " on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a young man is found bruised , beaten and stumbling down a secluded road . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story . scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units . 
OBJECTIVE:1 now pistachio must make the most of his inherited power in an attempt to track down devilin and save his parents . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story follows a university of texas professor , dr . david gale , an advocate for the abolishment of capital punishment , who is falsly convicted of rape and murder of another activist . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story follows their lives as they try to reconcile their differences while world war ii impacts each of them on their lives and finally in old age when they meet again , with the hope that the differences in their youht can finally be reconciled . 
OBJECTIVE:1 her mother convinces gus to let her take some computer classes at college ( making him think it's his idea ) . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a retired boston pd detective isn't buying the news report of a local girl accidentally drowning . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 while accompanying an us senator on his mission in cuba , he makes a botch of so many things , that a minor blunder by the senator turns into a serious incident , which intensifies into a second cuban crisis - thanks to further entanglements by the media , police , and diplomats who represent the arch-enemies usa and cuba . 
OBJECTIVE:1 for ten years , tobias has worked in a clock factory and in the relentless sound of ticking , he sees life go by without much expectation . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as young julien , his family and a group of friends traverse the french countryside after fleeing the institution they called home , julien must deal with his father's extreme violence and his mother's rosy fantasies and once again form a family that society tries to forget . 
OBJECTIVE:1 accompanied by his assistant bough ( ben miller ) , johnny bungles his way through one scrape after another . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra , it finds a nice rhythm . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in return , a million dollars in cash each . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after discovering a passenger ship missing since 1962 floating adrift on the bering sea , salvagers claim the vessel as their own . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the californian desert , somewhere between death valley and los angeles . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this cheery , down-to-earth film is warm with the cozy feeling of relaxing around old friends . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . manages to fall closer in quality to silence than to the abysmal hannibal . 
OBJECTIVE:1 his daughter has been kidnapped by the man who owns the stones , and wants them back . 
OBJECTIVE:1 cameroon and its peoples are the lark , its feathers plucked first by colonialism and then by native strong-men : " alouette , je te plumerai . " 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it looks good , but it is essentially empty . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 la cinta comienza intentando ser un drama , rápidamente se transforma en una comedia y termina por ser una parodia absolutamente predecible
SUBJECTIVE:0 the drama is played out with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what makes this latest version of the four feathers the best so far are the beautiful desert locations ( in morocco ) , and the superb action sequences . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film's problems . 
OBJECTIVE:1 all this takes a strange turn when a mysterious patient ( satan , he calls himself ) the hospital seeking help . 
OBJECTIVE:1 four friends journey dow life's paths to find out whether god or society has the right to decide the good or the evil . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in ordinary people . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after a nuclear apocalypse , the whole landscape is a desert ruin , except for a small island paradise where el toro is buried . 
OBJECTIVE:1 missing her opportunity with him that night , cameron diaz is talked into pursuing him to his brother's wedding . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after the death of his mother , a middle-aged man seeks the admiration of his nephew by inviting him to a hotel in a seedy riverbend town . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a man brutally beats his girlfriend to death and tosses her remains into a local river . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's like a vintage automobile that sometimes runs smoothly , and sometimes lurches and sputters . but it never quite stalls . 
OBJECTIVE:1 an undercover narc dies , the investigation stalls , so the detroit p . d . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this overproduced and generally disappointing effort isn't likely to rouse the rush hour crowd . 
OBJECTIVE:1 mitchell misses the bus and starts walking to school . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds . it doesn't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ice age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on . 
OBJECTIVE:1 armed with $20 dollars and a backpack pastor william sets off on an adventure across the united states in an adventure that would change the lives of millions and test him beyond measure . 
OBJECTIVE:1 and for her honor , it will be named 'paradise-casino' . 
OBJECTIVE:1 doctors aren't supposed to play god , but someone's decision years before has driven a killer over the brink . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though . . . you will likely enjoy this monster . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself . 
OBJECTIVE:1 arjun ( akshay kumar ) is a high profile vigilante who soon encounters a problem when his mother ( raakhee ) becomes terribly ill . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he also shies away from the shallow young women that he and his friends micke and mario meet at bars . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 most new movies have a bright sheen . some , like ballistic , arrive stillborn . . . looking like the beaten , well-worn video box cover of seven years into the future . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story starts with phillips and a cohort robbing a store and injuring a salesperson . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there ought to be a directing license , so that ed burns can have his revoked . 
OBJECTIVE:1 an internet terrorist creates a computer source code based on the dna of a junkie . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 despite its good nature and some genuinely funny moments , super troopers suffers from a bad case of arrested development . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 talk to her is excellent movie-making and much of it is wondrous , but my conscience won't allow me to be devoted to unconditionally singing its praises . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 wise , cruelly observant of human nature and hysterically funny . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess's home video of their baby's birth . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a wonderful , low-key coming-of-age saga with none of that after-school special hysteria . 
OBJECTIVE:1 all the firefighters who participated in the film were friends and collegues of the six firemen who lost their lives . 
OBJECTIVE:1 only through tremendous will and uncanny luck did he once again rise as the kid who stays in the picture . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he needs their help , figuring out why the vacationers are leaving mellow and sober . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 miller is playing so free with emotions , and the fact that children are hostages to fortune , that he makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousness . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the discovery of this new world is described parallel to other stories of emancipation , such as that of three young prostitutes , of an aged couple going nowhere and man's n landing on the moon . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 julia is played with exasperating blandness by laura regan . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the acting is just fine , but there's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [villeneuve] seems to realize intuitively that even morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie overcomes its lack or originality in the setup by making good use of its central idea , that a pair of sneakers could make a kid into an nba star . 
OBJECTIVE:1 character development is conveyed primarily through the combatants actions and the choices they make as they progress across their combat route . 
OBJECTIVE:1 magneto , having escaped from his plastic prison , forms an unlikely alliance with professor xavier to stop stryker . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when an older woman , mutt , an eccentric hustler with a heart , and her dog fort pass by , janey " s solitude is forever changed . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 overall very good for what it's trying to do . 
OBJECTIVE:1 true love is right around the corner as long as he doesn't lose sight of what he's looking for . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the skills of a calculus major at m . i . t . are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 a young man ( keanu reeves ) plays a doctor caring for a man ( nicholson ) , who suffers a heart attack at the house of his young girlfriend's mother ( keaton ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the second chapter of the harry potter series is even more magical than the first and simply the best family film of the year . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if you're not the target demographic . . . this movie is one long chick-flick slog . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the l . a . dogwalking scene provides a colorful backdrop for the story of ellie moore ( diane gaidry ) , damaged goods on the run from her latest abusive boyfriend and on the verge of transformation . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it is a story about finding yourself when you didn't even know you were looking . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . it's a testament to the film's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries . there's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if you love the music , and i do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia's true emotions . . . but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 bravely explores the psychic damage inflicted on jean-luc by a withholding , then absent parent . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there are times when a rumor of angels plays like an extended episode of touched by an angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes -- but i liked its heart and its spirit . 
OBJECTIVE:1 at the age of 25 , tiz is considered a survivor . 
OBJECTIVE:1 only a man so afraid of his world is capable of building a device to change it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in 19th-century new mexico , a father ( tommy lee jones ) comes back home , hoping to reconcile with his adult daughter maggie ( cate blanchett ) . 
OBJECTIVE:1 conveniently numbed and estranged from her surroundings , lillian sleepwalks through life . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality . 
OBJECTIVE:1 johnathan accepts and learns the ropes of rollerball : the players are on rollerblades , trying to bring a heavy metal ball into a high goal . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the process , quinn discovers secrets from his past and battles with the inner demons that made him the man he is today . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film shows the surreal side of routines that seem simple and ordinary . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars . 
OBJECTIVE:1 tiger shark prowls on what should be a routine rescue mission . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as an adult , bruce has repressed all memories of his parents do to some horrible event that occured when he was 4 . bruce krensler ( as he uses his adoptive parent's name ) is working in the same field as his father when a freak lab accident triggers the dormant dna in his body . 
OBJECTIVE:1 their task is now cut out for them : plan a - get into the fashion extortion business plan b - stage india's biggest bank robbery to get the diamonds back plan c - decamp with the loot . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but the break turns into a nightmare when sanjana starts hearing screams . 
OBJECTIVE:1 le d&#233 ; fi is a musical comedy , inspired by the great american tradition and set in today's world of france's hip hop movement . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when lucy discovers jack is from the neighborhood she grew up in , she is determined to learn how this man could fall from the comfort of suburbia to living on the streets . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 best to just pick up a blade of grass and chew on it while absorbing the scenic imagery and natural acting of a strong cast . 
OBJECTIVE:1 'nine dead gay guys' is the outrageous but hilarious result of the ensuing caper as the lads begin the search for the elusive bed . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i like it . no , i hate it . no , i love it . . . hell , i dunno . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the rebellion against sauron is building up and will be led by gandalf the white ( sir ian mckellen ) , who was thought to be dead after the balrog captured him . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he must do this in secret so that the parents and school personnel know nothing of his plan . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the cast has a high time , but de broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp . 
OBJECTIVE:1 franco agonizaba y el pr&#237 ; ncipe , jefe de estado en funciones , se encontraba en una posici&#243 ; n dif&#237 ; cil para afrontar un problema fundamental . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ultimately , in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about " chicago " in 2002 . zellweger's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
OBJECTIVE:1 as they work the case , veteran detective eldon perry , known for his tough street tactics and fiery temper , tutors sis rookie bobby keough in the grim realities of police intimidation and corruption . 
OBJECTIVE:1 anna is the jewish daughter of a spanish mother and a greek father . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but sam decker still has a few tricks to teach the kids , and he's got some thingfs to learn from them . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived . only masochistic moviegoers need apply . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 critics need a good laugh , too , and this too-extreme-for-tv rendition of the notorious mtv show delivers the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods in steaming , visceral heaps . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering , miller's hand often feels unsure . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 despite its title , punch-drunk love is never heavy-handed . the jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [it's] a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as they become jaded by watching these brutal fights , and betting becomes boring , the bosses realize that they need to take the fights to a new limit . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this being the offering of sexual favours to older gay men in order to subsidize their respective giros . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 hawn and sarandon hit the ground running , and are so funny and goofy that they distract and delight us . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 too ordinary to restore [harmon] to prominence , despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience . 
OBJECTIVE:1 all of them have demoted the importance of the real world , giving all of their attention to the fantasy world of the movies . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's not that kung pow isn't funny some of the time -- it just isn't any funnier than bad martial arts movies are all by themselves , without all oedekerk's impish augmentation . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact . 
OBJECTIVE:1 so she invites niko to finish his erotic tale over a drink at her apartment ! 
SUBJECTIVE:0 contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden . . . if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they persevere and in the end a startling surprise bubbles to the surface that changes everything . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral . extraordinary debut from josh koury . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 debrauwer handles the story with such feeling and understanding that you quickly come to , not just like , but love these characters . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 although the level of the comedy declines as the movie proceeds , there's no denying the fun of watching de niro and crystal having fun . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances . 
OBJECTIVE:1 an absurd comedy about a parking enforcement officer , who - despite constant abuse from the public - finds truth , honour and serenity in the act of ticketing . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for all its plot twists , and some of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down , blood work is a strong , character-oriented piece . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story of mitchell , a ten-year-old african american who lives with his mom in a crack-infested hotel in downtown l . a . mitchell misses the school bus one day and quickly becomes the property of chris ; a suicidal drug dealer who might be losing his mind . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter . 
OBJECTIVE:1 investigating possible health code violations , " jennifer/samantha " , ( sara downing ) , a career-driven reporter for " the philadelphia enquirer " , checks in under the guise of a patient , in lieu of getting a hot story . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there is one surefire way to get a nomination for a best-foreign-film oscar : make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i basically went in expecting garbage , but color me surprised when it actually turned out to be quite funny ! 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the making of the dragon is a comedic satire ( not a spoof ) of the kung-fu film genre . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after a glamorous--but short-lived--career as a movie star , evans tried out producing . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy . 
OBJECTIVE:1 showing this beautiful city as seen through the eyes of it's favorite son in his most frantic moments . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 brilliantly captures the brightness of the light , the intensity of the colors and the omnipresence of mexican motifs that informed kahlo's art . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a deft script by mike white . . . elevates the usual teen twaddle by grounding the laughs in feeling . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 with this masterful , flawless film , [wang] emerges in the front ranks of china's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers . 
OBJECTIVE:1 conflict enters their relationship when anthony expresses to victoria that their sex life is practically non-existent . 
OBJECTIVE:1 mi yun and kang have difficulty working with each other , as their personalities and working methods are constantly in conflict . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 clint eastwood's blood work is a lot like a well-made pb& j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises – but still quite tasty and inviting all the same . 
OBJECTIVE:1 april burns ( holmes ) invites her family to thanksgiving dinner at her teeny apartment on new york's lower east side . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when their less-than-stunning female forms earn them an invite to a " dog catcher " party at their old frat , they decide to brave the harassment so they can grab the rest of their belongings from the house and make a clean break . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 oliveira seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition . 
OBJECTIVE:1 loss is a film eulogy for six firefighters who died in the collapse of the world trade center , sept 11 2001 . 
OBJECTIVE:1 vince runs into julie , an old friend of the family , who teaches art at the local elementary school . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [a]n utterly charming and hilarious film that reminded me of the best of the disney comedies from the 60s . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he is to build the palace and be covered in gold , if not , his fate is to be eaten by crocodiles . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ben rubin , a young israeli internist vying for the position of surgeon , learns that his internship has been terminated and he has been chosen to accompany abraham lazar , the hospital administrator and his wife , dori on a trip to india . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [the digital effects] reminded me of terry gilliam's rudimentary old monty python cartoons , in which he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if festival in cannes nails hard- boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he lures her back to las vegas to continue her career . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u . s . -- a major director is emerging in world cinema . 
OBJECTIVE:1 clarissa vaughn , a modern woman living in present times is throwing a party for her friend richard , a famous author dying of aids . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 cold and scattered , minority report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals . that's not vintage spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying . 
OBJECTIVE:1 abandoned and filled with a mysterious past , holy angel school for girls is about to reveal its secrets of betrayal , jealousy , and vengeance . 
OBJECTIVE:1 john , and world-famous ice skating star , elena , are about to sign divorce papers when they realise that , in spite of everything happening around them , their love is worth fighting for . 
OBJECTIVE:1 completely shocked , she can't take life anymore as all her dreams fall apart . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i'm not sure all about lily chou-chou made sense in my head , but it made sense in my heart . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after a failed marriage to ali macgraw , a cocaine bust and rumored involvement with the cotton club murder , he disappeared into near-obscurity . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director's previous popcorn work . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she confronts him , but the smooth talking mackenheim seduces her into a romantic dinner at his house . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out 'amateur' in almost every frame . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in today's world of facts and figures about smoking related illness and death , one element is greatly overlooked , the consequences that smoking has on the family . 
OBJECTIVE:1 fired in disgrace , kids show host randolph smiley finds himself out on the street , while his replacement sheldon mopes , finds himself on the fast track to success with a new hit show as the proud purple rhino smoochy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when a harmonium and a mysterious woman ( emily watson ) enter his life , his romantic journey begins . 
OBJECTIVE:1 club le monde follows an evening out at a seedy nightspot . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a reporter , lanie kerrigan ( jolie ) , interviews a psychic homeless man ( shalhoub ) for a fluff piece about a football game's score . 
OBJECTIVE:1 his debut novel currently resides on top of the best-seller list , and even the potential diversion of hollywood knocking on his door cannot keep him from his writing . 
OBJECTIVE:1 puzzled , he turns for help from a private cyber detective . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script . 
OBJECTIVE:1 skyler shaye plays the object of affection of carbonell's teenage son . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the night of graduation , they open the box and they strike up a conversation . 
OBJECTIVE:1 considering his profession could be a very dangerous occupation . 
OBJECTIVE:1 clashing their swords in fiece mortal combat , will and jack attempt to recapture the black pearl ship , save the british navy , and relinquish a fortune in forbidden treasure thereby lifting the curse of the pirates of the caribbean . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she's eighteen , unemployed , broke and hopelessly in love with her wannabe rockstar boyfriend matt . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 murderous maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it helps that lil bow wow . . . tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 not really bad so much as distasteful : we need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 bernal's transformation from naive priest to tortured adulterer to hard-nosed careerist is riveting . 
OBJECTIVE:1 years later , at the inauguration of the 'paradise-casino' , patricia announces to a stunned crowd and a flabbergasted katherine that she immediately retires from showbusiness . 
OBJECTIVE:1 while t&#252 ; rlich rediscovers his roots ( and his affection for heidi ) , josch finds out that evil entrepreneur tronald dump plans to blow the mountain to smithereens in order to erect a plastic mountain with a ski resort where you never can get hurt . 
OBJECTIVE:1 before his very eyes on the store tv monitor , he sees his pick come up as the winning numbers for $50-million ! 
SUBJECTIVE:0 even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 its scenes and sensibility are all more than familiar , but it exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and , at the same time , is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time . 
OBJECTIVE:1 paul must try to prove to everyone that this time he is in love rather than in lust . 
OBJECTIVE:1 and he's found the perfect patsy to evoke such fear . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but this murder investigation is drawing vincent home to long beach , the self-proclaimed city by the sea , where the past has been waiting for him to return . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the imax version of disney's the lion king looks pretty good and sounds even better . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the first half is a hilariously on-target send-up of " barbarella " -style flicks and the larger-than-life egos that propelled them , the second half is a ponderously self-absorbed meditation on the angst of a budding artiste . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the mismatch between whitey's good heart and never-ending optimism and davey's constant troublemaking soon have them both wondering if going to jail wouldn't have been easier ! 
SUBJECTIVE:0 mr . jacobi's recitation is illustrated with a rush of sensuous nature imagery , beautifully photographed by mr . cox and hans sonneveld and underscored with a lush soundtrack by paul grabowsky . 
OBJECTIVE:1 besides being performers , they are also political activists - in aids awareness , anti-gay violence , the sex workers movement and the struggle against the extreme right and racism . 
OBJECTIVE:1 keith bennets ( mark thompson ) mother passed away a year ago , and he feels like he has moved on with his life , until one morning his mothers jewellery shows up on keiths bathroom sink . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's no getting around the fact that this is revenge of the nerds revisited -- again . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a coming of age dramatic comedy dealing with the effect that two " summers " have on the lives of several teenagers . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 speaking in terms of spectacle , craft , romance and humor , it's the movie to beat this summer . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 leave it to rohmer , now 82 , to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago . 
OBJECTIVE:1 we live in world of sorrow and pain but all it takes is one person unafraid to make a difference . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is a film brimming with detail and nuance and one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 you've seen it before : the ex-con who stumbles while striving to assimilate back into society . but writer-director joe maggio and his able cast makes you care about this man's sorry journey in virgil bliss . 
OBJECTIVE:1 rhinoceros eyes " is a darkly humorous coming-of-age tale about chep ( michael pitt ) a reclusive young man , who gets comfort from the movies and his vivid imagination . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time . 
OBJECTIVE:1 leela is a true reflection of how the south asian-american community is beginning to emerge , blend , and influence the mainstream american culture in its own exquisite ways . 
OBJECTIVE:1 there is a knock on the door and harry forces mitchell to 'wait' in the closet , and not to make a sound . 
OBJECTIVE:1 stallone plays a cop who comes undone after witnessing a brutal scene on the job . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 'the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style . entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in this age of soulless , fx-driven action franchises raimi anachronistically emphasizes character development . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 relieved of the action-stalling expository responsibility that dogs so many movies based on superhero comics , blade 2 goes straight for the jugular . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it can't be easy starting a movie in the middle , staying in the middle , and then ending it in the middle . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 raja also manages to go to malaysia with them . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this isn't just the cliffsnotes version of nicholas nickleby , it's the cliffsnotes with pages missing . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 how inept is serving sara ? it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 trapped won't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 even these tales of just seven children seem at times too many , although in reality they are not enough . every child's story is what matters . this film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ace homicide detective matt , ( christian de la fuente ) , leads the state in murder convictions , but his job has a big downside - he spends every day with dead victims and that's pushed him to question his belief in god , family , love . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it's hard not to be carried away . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a documentary which revolves around a shelter for battered women in tampa , florida . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 wedding feels a bit anachronistic . still , not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and a happy ending is no cinematic sin . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they become the most dreaded monsters of our imagination . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in this bittersweet slice of working class single new jersey life , best friends debby and beth ( both pushing thirty ) go looking for love in the wrong place - namely their favorite bar , oliver's . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 about nowhere kids who appropriated turfs as they found them and become self-made celebrity athletes -- a low-down version of the american dream . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 while the ideas about techno-saturation are far from novel , they're presented with a wry dark humor . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when taraneh discovers she is pregnant she decides against all advice and intense social pressure , to keep the baby . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 like a tarantino movie with heart , alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it didn't try to . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when the mercenaries catch up , sam , jake and the rest of their entourage find themselves in the clutches of the blood thirsty gallo . 
OBJECTIVE:1 one whom he could never love and one whom he could never stop loving . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , [franco] has all of dean's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for de niro's participation , would have likely wound up a tnt original . 
OBJECTIVE:1 alex enlists the aid of his old comrade father thomas ( addy ) and of a troubled artist ( sossamon ) upon whom he once performed an exorcism . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this is a true documentry of art versus money-driven media conglomerates . 
OBJECTIVE:1 despite dire warnings from his uncle , dean is seduced by the book's knowledge . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two english women . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they share their drugs and bodies , and beg or steal whatever they have to in order to get by . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ultimately eve struggles with destiny in light of her new found love , rediscovery of homeland , and her sense of life's purpose . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he is visited by a house-elf named dobby and warned not to go back to hogwarts . 
OBJECTIVE:1 sebastien cortez is an up and coming film maker who has just gotten his big break in " the biz . " 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's everything you don't go to the movies for . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a renowned plastic surgeon with a serious gambling problem owes a huge sum of money to the mafia . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she challenges isabel's authority and is prepared to break her family ties and sacrifice her faith for love . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 everyone's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . a hollow joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 for 7 years he has watched over the holy fire , forsaking his wife , family and every earthly pleasure . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 was i scared ? only at the prospect of beck's next project . let's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what's next . . . ghost blimp ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 inside , an old man lies ill on a bed , attended by his son and daughter-in-law . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the gripping story of the dutch bettien martens , based on true facts . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there seems to be no clear path as to where the story's going , or how long it's going to take to get there . 
OBJECTIVE:1 chep's growing love for fran makes him willing to prowl the dark streets at night in search of items for her . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 shaky close-ups of turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots , red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she's an artist , but hasn't picked up a brush in a year . 
OBJECTIVE:1  " washington heights " tells the story of carlos ramirez , a young illustrator burning to escape the latino neighborhood of the same name to make a splash in new york city's commercial downtown comic book scene . 
OBJECTIVE:1 an 11 year old boy has been excluded from school for rough behaviour . 
OBJECTIVE:1 its purpose is to use the precog ( nitive ) potential of three genetically altered humans to prevent murders . 
OBJECTIVE:1 that's why handsome and his three best friends sammy , victor and the cribsheet genius applebee have banded together and found ways to cheat on their tests all through their school years . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 queen of the damned is too long with too little going on . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is one of mr . chabrol's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 viewers of " the ring " are more likely to remember the haunting images than the plot holes . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when she hears about her plan going awry , she collapses . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a literate presentation that wonderfully weaves a murderous event in 1873 with murderous rage in 2002 . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 my oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a wealthy american quaker woman rebels and marries a french baron for love . 
OBJECTIVE:1 sean , the more rebellious of the two , gets caught up in a life of crime and rises through the ranks to become the head of the irish mob . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after running circles , dave , trudy , and jolynn find with the light of a new day the lives they been meaning to live . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 despite the 2-d animation , the wild thornberrys movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story . 
OBJECTIVE:1 by the end of the girl's journey there is only one question to be answered : what is real and what is her imagination ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 un thriller manqué qui tombe sur les nerfs presque dès la première image . 
OBJECTIVE:1 not only must they overcome an enemy adept at technological witchery , they must overcome the curse that marks their destiny . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when her girlfriend decides to move away and lucy can't find the courage to go with her , she winds up in bed with her best friend from high school , dante . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he dies before he gets a chance to communicate with the spirit and his dead body with the ouija board is left to the devices to his strung out friends . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 like brosnan's performance , evelyn comes from the heart . 
OBJECTIVE:1 during world war ii and the era of staunch racial segregation , a black carpenter's son named vivien thomas , who had a talent for surgery , along with a white surgeon named dr . alfred blalock , who defied the medical establishment created a partnership that changed the course of cardiac surgery . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 will only satisfy those who can't tell the difference between the good , the bad and the ugly . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the history of psychoanalysis is littered with the discarded psyches of the women whose diagnoses were key to the fame of the great masters . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she feels left out from her father's new family , she's had an abortion , she's tried to commit suicide , and she hates life in the city . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation cannot engage . 
OBJECTIVE:1 at the beginning , the cast assembles for a seemingly traditional wedding shower . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie's presentation , which is way too stagy . 
OBJECTIVE:1 beyond borders is an epic tale of the turbulent romance between two star-crossed lovers set against the backdrop of the world's most dangerous hot spots . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 mocking kung fu pictures when they were a staple of exploitation theater programming was witty . mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the documentary also describes the deployment era of the regulus submarines ( 1958-1964 ) . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the tucks have a secret , they're immortal . they 
SUBJECTIVE:0 though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it's exploitive without being insightful . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the police have no clues nor suspects until nick and his colleague realize the killer is a giant octopus . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when rebecca went away to college john thought webcams would help them keep in touch . 
OBJECTIVE:1 dizzy harrison is an unpopular , high school geek going through a hellish senior year . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i don't see the point . it's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed . 
OBJECTIVE:1 then the trouble it&#180 ; s only stars , with betrayals , bounty killers , hostile indians and the mystery ghost who guard the gold mine . 
OBJECTIVE:1 david banner is performing regeneration experiments and uses himself as a guinea pig . 
OBJECTIVE:1 to avenge the lives of loved ones he has lost , robert must hunt down , pursue and find each of the tong members . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when tom goes away for a few days , lori , with the help of best friend , monica , investigates the disappearance of helen . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but he's neglecting his work , carping at his mom , and behaving badly toward his loyal friend bobbi . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen , unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in mid-1970s savannah , two bright but rebellious boys , francis doyle and tim sullivan , fight boredom , hormones and harsh teachers as they struggle to find something meaningful beyond the walls of their parish school . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie , while beautiful , feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 keeping her mind diligently focused on dance proves harder than she expected as she finds herself falling in love with david schrader , a dark and mysterious new york musician . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ahas , son from a poor family , in his inner struggles , joins the troop of his classmates and heads for the front . 
OBJECTIVE:1 stitch as the new family member brings quite some action into all their lifes , and after a while , not even pleakley and dr . jookiba can recognize their former target . 
OBJECTIVE:1 you see , what makes lucky no ordinary dog is his ability to talk . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes . 
OBJECTIVE:1 unlike their sons , eddie and sean are immigrants , or children of immigrants , who have made peace with their unfulfilled dreams . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 scooby doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ted can't turn the ladies heads like he used to - none of the scams work . 
OBJECTIVE:1 suddenly a hand can do something no hand has done before and lips something no lips have ever done . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he cannot concentrate on his job nor on his studies , being continuously mindful of his girlfriend and concubine ana's ( dolores fonzi ) whereabouts and activities . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it is unclear on how he contracted the virus . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [o]ften a capable documentary on an interesting subject , even if it doesn't probe as deeply as it could . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience . 
OBJECTIVE:1 rather than spreading good cheer , the duo's motive is to rob each establishment , a strategy that becomes complicated when they encounter an 8-year-old who teaches them the true meaning of christmas . 
OBJECTIVE:1 little ella's birthright is the gift - and curse - of obedience . 
OBJECTIVE:1 scared of death , winnie must choose between being immortal and being with jesse or following the circle of life and dying someday . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for anyone who cares about the future of america , it's required viewing . 
OBJECTIVE:1 an entertaining and topical adventure drama which responds to our society's fascination with doomsday cults , survivalist sects and their messianic leaders . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film's characters
OBJECTIVE:1 in the 1870s , jacobina , daughter of german immigrants to southern brazil , starts to break with both the catholic and lutheran churches to preach body healing through soul cleansing . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star . 
OBJECTIVE:1 can those memories be strong enough to make them find their own ways , back in each others arms again ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 except for paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for bartleby's pain , the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he carefully plans every day of his life , leaving nothing to chance . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as this bizarro weekend unfolds , we see exactly what adam has to do to preserve his sanity and his friendships . 
OBJECTIVE:1 unaware of the events to come , they quickly discovered that dabbling with the element of time may have dire consequences . 
OBJECTIVE:1 out of money and out of luck ambitious sophie pressures marie into accepting a lucrative job as surrogate mother . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's a humble effort , but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between morgan and redgrave . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but he strongly believed testing was needed for all actors &#38 ; actresses in the porn industry . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 new best friend shouldn't have gone straight to video ; it should have gone straight to a mystery science theater 3000 video . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he must fend off beings that seek to gain control over the mysterious black mass . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 watching e . t now , in an era dominated by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas , one is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision . 
OBJECTIVE:1 everyday prisoners are led out in chain gangs to work the swamps and untamed bayous , festered with poisonous snakes and alligators . 
OBJECTIVE:1 resort to an all-night crime spree that nets them a ten thousand dollar reward for their own crimes , thanks to a bizarre twist of fate . 
OBJECTIVE:1 brian knows that tonight the evil has finally come to claim him . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in present-day london , twelve-year-old quinn watches as his mother , a construction engineer , inadvertently wakes an enormous fire-breathing beast from its century-long slumber . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 breen's script has deadpan wit , though it becomes a little labored as it goes along . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 de niro may enjoy the same free ride from critics afforded to clint eastwood in the lazy bloodwork . but like bruce springsteen's gone-to-pot asbury park , new jersey , this sad-sack waste of a movie is a city of ruins . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the end , alex unveils her secret , an act of truth , which forces this crazed cast of characters to re-examine their own lives . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the judge gives him until the end of the day to present the papers and thus begins a cat and mouse game between the proponents . 
OBJECTIVE:1 by doing this he meets a link between the two time periods ( lang ) . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she and her daughter try to escape ( such as to her previous boyfriend played by futterman ) , but he pursues relentlessly . 
OBJECTIVE:1  " frida " chronicles the life frida kahlo ( salma hayek ) shared unflichingly and openly with diego rivera ( alfred molina ) , as the young couple took the art world by storm . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the pied piper production penned by christian otjen concerns a 36-year-old man ( brad hunt ) who returns to his hometown to confront the harsh reality of his father's suicide . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 bielinsky's script is slick and fiendishly clever , with seemingly a twist a minute . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 stealing harvard doesn't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the water game is a teen action drama following a group of graduating high school students as they embark on playing a spy vs . spy type game three weeks prior to graduation . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a waterlogged version of 'fatal attraction' for the teeny-bopper set . . . a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 director yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we haven't seen 10 , 000 times . 
OBJECTIVE:1 'i capture the castle' is based on the dodie smith novel which was published in 1948 , before she wrote 101 dalmatians . 
OBJECTIVE:1 pistachio disguisey , a sweet-natured italian server at his father fabbrizio's restaurant , can't figure out why he compulsively mimics his customers and desires to change his appearance . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 my little eye is the best little " horror " movie i've seen in years . 
OBJECTIVE:1 jenny must fight to earn her scholarship and try to find a balance between the man of her faith and the man of her dreams . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they are abruptly sidetracked when dara accidentally runs over someone on a lonely country road and wrongly takes the blame . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 we never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas . 
OBJECTIVE:1 while mitchell gets ready for school , his mother and her friend ( lisa ) plan a murder , business as usual . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he is still famous , although still disliked by snape , malfoy , and the rest of the slytherins . 
OBJECTIVE:1 big yard operates a child smuggling ring and 'superbob' must save dante or lose his son forever . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc's , despite a few whopping shootouts . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as the death toll mounts , it falls to detective maria delgado - mistrusted outsider from madrid ( played by mira sorvino ) - to stop the bizarre killings . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he speaks villon's poet " i fell in love with your red hair " . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 stay clear of reminding yourself that it's a " true story " and you're likely to have one helluva time at the movies . 
OBJECTIVE:1 now he must battle the courts to get his children back . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the near future in the asian city-state sintawan , everyone's identity is recorded in the vast cyberlink . 
OBJECTIVE:1 series of 12 short movies from the start of the twentieth century , compiled by michel reilhac . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . hopefully it'll be at the dollar theatres by the time christmas rolls around . wait to see it then . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 life or something like it has its share of high points , but it misses too many opportunities . 
OBJECTIVE:1 enter nick , charlie's best friend , who does his best to help the only way he knows how : distracting charlie with parties and girls . 
OBJECTIVE:1 35-year old magnus edkvist hates class reunions as much as anyone and usually skip them . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a bigger holiday downer than your end-of-year 401 ( k ) statement . 
OBJECTIVE:1 patricia gets increasingly unhappy within the materialistic las vegas scene . 
OBJECTIVE:1 finally , the purity of arvasu and nittilai's love brings salvation to the land . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she gives frode a small monster puppet , which frode throws in the closet in his bedroom . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the detective maud graham hides her sensibility behind the image of a strong and independant woman . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 although commentary on nachtwey is provided . . . it's the image that really tells the tale . 
OBJECTIVE:1 while philippa does not want to elude the justice she deserves for the four innocent deaths , filippo discovers he fell in love with the beautiful woman . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as the main character , the chosen one , oedekerk sets off to avenge the deaths of his parents at the hands of kung-fu legend master pain . 
OBJECTIVE:1 one day a man named donny ( morris chestnut ) infiltrates a prison with a band of crooks looking for 200 million dollars worth of us gold . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once . 
OBJECTIVE:1 austrian small time crook johnny pichler meets a dubious 'businessman' at the slovak border to hand over a wad of cash . 
OBJECTIVE:1 everything soon changes when two identical chinese fortune cookies cause a little mystic mayhem . 
OBJECTIVE:1 susie is obsessed about losing weight , thus being " bonita " and not " gorda " - the two keywords in the original spanish title . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he saves a rich man ( sharad kapoor ) from the goons , who offers him a job . 
OBJECTIVE:1 because the flag is dirty , the teacher asks them to take it home and to wash it . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i don't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he's made at least one damn fine horror movie . 
OBJECTIVE:1 while fighting to save themselves , they must prevent petrov from getting a stolen computer chip containing the international banking codes for the new euro . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a little judicious editing would have helped a lot , but the talented cast matches the film's ambitions and compensates for its modest budget . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 rarely , a movie is more than a movie . go . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay . 
OBJECTIVE:1 an attorney ( ben affleck ) in a rush to make a court appointment to file legal papers involving a multi-million dollar trust accidentally collides with an alcoholic insurance salesman ( samuel jackson ) , who also is a rush for a court appointment involving the custody of his children . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 asia authors herself as anna battista , an italian superstar and aspiring directress who just happens to be her own worst enemy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 windtalkers celebrates the human spirit and packs an emotional wallop . 
OBJECTIVE:1 mayhem and comedy explode as several members find price attractive while price struggles for his sanity . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just doesn't make sense . 
OBJECTIVE:1 hosts of hooded penitents parade through the ancient , narrow streets of the old town in time-honoured ritual . 
OBJECTIVE:1 an account of screenwriter charlie kaufman's ( cage ) attempt to adapt susan orlean's ( streep ) non-fiction book the orchid thief , which is the story of john laroche ( cooper ) , a plant dealer who clones rare orchids then sells them to collectors . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . a fluffy , flaky croissant of a culture clash comedy , barely substantial enough for a feature but just light and tasty enough to satisfy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level . 
OBJECTIVE:1 decent-but-dull dek loves shirley , so much so that he humiliates her by proposing without warning on national television . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story of two lads from belfast as they stumble their way through the london gay underworld in search of 'gainful employment' . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights . 
OBJECTIVE:1 his peace is shattered in august 1947 , however , when india is granted independence . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 real women have curves doesn't offer any easy answers . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in 1999 , after one of their husbands became ill with leukemia , the women came up with a more commercial concept : discreet photos of these bare wi lasses . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a hit man from the same mob is sent to kill sullivan and his family , but only kills his wife and son , peter . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 craig bartlett and director tuck tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when she ventures to vietnam to meet her mother , she unknowingly embarks on an emotional pilgrimage that spans decades and distance . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 beanie's a big believer in appreciating the art in your own neighborhood even if it isn't backed by a multimillion-dollar budget — and so am i . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the tale unfolds as a group of hustlers encounter " the dean " and pull off a successful sting that results in their pursuit by a vengeful gangster . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what should have been an entertaining cinematic souvenir solely for wilco fans ended up becoming a smart , involving , and occasionally infuriating film
OBJECTIVE:1 playwright siddalee walker , on the verge of opening a new play , gives a magazine interview in which she discusses her unhappy childhood . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [hayek] doesn't just act frida , she inhabits her . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a single-minded man focused on finding the girl of his dreams the perfect vision he's created in his mind's eye . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they go over less well with tom donnerel , a young farmer and carrie's fianc&#233 ; . 
OBJECTIVE:1 rosetta projects seduction scenes from movie clips onto ruby , which absorbs as she sleeps . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 jarecki and gibney do find enough material to bring kissinger's record into question and explain how the diplomat's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 director ferzan ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building . but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . only bond can save us from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if you thought tom hanks was just an ordinary big-screen star , wait until you've seen him eight stories tall . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the backyard battles you staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the smug , oily demeanor that donovan adopts throughout the stupidly named pipe dream is just repulsive . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 broomfield seems to uncover a massive scoop here , revealing the multitude of people involved and the possible motivations behind the killings of his titular subjects . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy . 
OBJECTIVE:1 an ambitious , young female journalist , with an insatiable curiosity for getting to the bottom of the story , is having a torrid affair with a married man . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they go through three days of hell , friendship , madness and hope . 
OBJECTIVE:1 undercover fbi agent and former marine frank castle ( jane ) is devastated when his wife and children are killed when they accidentally witness a mafia hit , and with nothing left to lose , decides to dedicate himself fully to the eradication of crime ( organized and otherwise ) from america , as an army , assassin , judge and jury all rolled up into one man ( and a whole lot of guns ) : the punisher . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they're visiting regularly , some of them even daily , to see the movies of their youth . 
OBJECTIVE:1 and in the dogs , she finds lost pieces of herself as she fumbles with the leash to her own life - struggling to hold on as it pulls her toward a brighter future before her past catches up with her . 
OBJECTIVE:1 18-year old dean is handsome and bright , but feels hampered by his working-class background and by his family . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head , but he knows how to pose madonna . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she meets a mysterious man ( mark wahlberg ) , who tells her that the money was really his , and he wants it back , seemingly convinced that she's hiding the cash . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they are soon caught up in the erotic nature of the chat sessions they host , changing both their lives . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 novak manages to capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is a terrific character study , a probe into the life of a complex man . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 unlike his directorial efforts , la femme nikita and the professional , the transporter lacks besson's perspective as a storyteller . 
OBJECTIVE:1 woody allen plays val waxman , a film director , who was once big in the 1970's and 1980's , but has now has been reduced to directing tv commercials . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in awe of seductive club singer velma kelly ( who is subsequantly arrested for the murder of her husband and sister - after discovering their affair ) , roxie meets fred cassely a man who convinces her he can 'make her showbiz career take off' . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when boys fly pulls no punches in exposing this world - men are shown overdosing and engaging in risky behavior - but at the same time , it also shows the sense of community and vitality the parties bring to the men who attend . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work . but even a hero can stumble sometimes . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it is intensely personal and yet -- unlike quills -- deftly shows us the temper of the times . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 takes a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker . 
OBJECTIVE:1 chapman is on trial for a murder of latin american villagers while he was in the marines . 
OBJECTIVE:1 otjen is helming the pic , holly mosher produces . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 davis . . . is so enamored of her own creation that she can't see how insufferable the character is . 
OBJECTIVE:1 three stories are created by three artists who happen to meet together on the same subway . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but her selfish actions soon catch up with her . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 what about charlotte : can pally let his heart take the lead ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 will god let her fall or give her a new path ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 seeking refuge in his past , the murderer contacts his estranged brother and falls in love with his brother's wife , gypsy . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the title helpfully offers the most succinct review of it you'll read anywhere . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this film was shot during two trips that majid majidi took in western afghanistan in 2001 and 2002 . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 christians sensitive to a reductionist view of their lord as a luv-spreading dr . feelgood or omnipotent slacker will feel vastly more affronted than secularists , who might even praise god for delivering such an instant camp classic . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 though frodo's quest remains unfulfilled , a hardy group of determined new zealanders has proved its creative mettle . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this means that his superiors hold him in high regard for his unblemished reputation and excellent track record . 
OBJECTIVE:1 leading his army of women into the surrounding mountain glens , dionysus casts a spell on the city's females , who abandon their husbands and fathers in order to engage in forbidden revels . 
OBJECTIVE:1 craig is an older , average-looking man who isn't handling aging well . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 bow's best moments are when he's getting busy on the basketball court because that's when he really scores . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if you can push on through the slow spots , you'll be rewarded with some fine acting . 
OBJECTIVE:1 seduction strikes steve and tracy , and steve and sean's lives may never be the same again . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a carefully structured scream of consciousness that is tortured and unsettling--but unquestionably alive . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the fortune-teller's mentally retarded nephew , who comes to hear the prophesy , follows the girl . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this journey awakens in ben an erotic passion that dares to destroy his tidy world as he pursues an illicit love affair , not with the administrator's daughter , but with his wife , dori . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse . 
OBJECTIVE:1 what better place for a writer to pick up a girl ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 may lack the pungent bite of its title , but it's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless . 
OBJECTIVE:1 crime can most certainly pay , if you " know wot i mean ? " 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 sitting in front of a computer , drinking excessive amounts of coffee and smoking cigarettes are the different tasks that keep dana awake and ready for the next message . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it can become even more complicated when the visit is a most unusual homestay with three single , american men with extremely diverse and . . . unique personalities . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 transforms one of [shakespeare's] deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after taking a look at the people around her and examining her life's choices , lucy decides that it would be unfair to give up this baby just because she didn't do what she wanted to with her own life . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as elegantly crafted as it often is , anderson's movie is essentially a one-trick pony that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame . 
OBJECTIVE:1 area k is an israeli controlled marine zone isolating the gaza strip and preventing palestinian fishermen from entering israel , egypt and international waters . 
OBJECTIVE:1 luckily , this wouldn't be sabina's final contribution to psychoanalysis . 
OBJECTIVE:1 things really heat up when sparks sizzle between her and her new colleague at work , tiago , an irresistible , compulsive womanizer . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 because eight legged freaks is partly an homage to them , tarantula and other low- budget b-movie thrillers of the 1950s and '60s , the movie is a silly ( but not sophomoric ) romp through horror and hellish conditions . 
OBJECTIVE:1 what steve doesn't know is that the crocodile has innocently swallowed a top secret us satellite beacon , and the poachers are actually american special agents sent to retrieve it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a comedy about bending the rules to reach your goal , bend it like beckham explores the world of women's football , from kick-abouts in the park to freekicks in the final . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but when he discovers an odd wristwatch amidst his father's various inventions and slips it on , something very strange happens . 
OBJECTIVE:1 her hatred of the world is only matched by her love of musicals the good , old fashioned american ones ( of course ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 bennett's dramatization of her personal descent into post-breakup perdition has a morbid appeal that's tough to shake . 
OBJECTIVE:1 explores the question of whether it's ever too late to say 'i love you' . 
OBJECTIVE:1 everyone involved starts getting killed , with mitchell being the next in line . 
OBJECTIVE:1 and if she's lucky , she may find love along the way . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's crap on a leash--far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante's similarly styled gremlins . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in spite of his incarceration , west has been continuing his re-animation research , using rats and mice for subjects , and electrocuting them with a special jerry-rigged apparatus . 
OBJECTIVE:1 with an estimate of over 10 , 000 sexual conquests . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's an exhilarating blast that makes good use of the large-format screen . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 several of steven soderbergh's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist . sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the rules - if one person leaves , everyone loses . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack . . . and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but her stepmother bitch was to ruin it all . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but while no one wants to do the time for cosimo's crime , everybody seems to know a guy who will - and for a share , they're willing to track him down . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn . nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [janey] forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an exciting debut from promising , and fairly disturbed , young director/screenwriter dylan kidd . 
OBJECTIVE:1 with some encouragement from tom ( paul bettany ) , the self-appointed town spokesman , the little community agrees to hide her and in return , grace agrees to work for them . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 movies like this are selling the old european candor , the old wink of 'bold' revelation . but in 2002 , such revelations wilt . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for egoyan , but it's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he gathers a following and becomes a rock star only to find that his music awakens the ancient queen akasha and she wants him to become her king . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a byzantine melodrama that stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido . 
OBJECTIVE:1 nick is about to discover , true love can be found in the strangest of places . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the mean time , budcasso invites his spirit-fighting ex-wife mrs . bud lung ( troublesome night regular lan law ) to the wedding . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in other words , it's just another sports drama/character study . yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . plus , like i already mentioned . . . it's robert duvall ! c'mon ! 
SUBJECTIVE:0 friday after next has the same problem that next friday did -- it's called where's chris tucker when you need him ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 like schindler's list , the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when things don't quite go as planned , reverend teams up with la teen trouble-maker rose and down-on-his-luck has-been star j . w . 
OBJECTIVE:1 'wheatfield with crows' takes the life of vincent van gogh and sets it in the modern day music industry . 
OBJECTIVE:1 rachael is called to travel home by ex-boyfriend rafe , to a small bleak island in the north sea that she ran away from some 5 years ago to find her wayward mother . 
OBJECTIVE:1 forced to think fast , the producer decides to digitally create an actress " simone " to sub for the star--the first totally believable synthetic actress . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's like a " big chill " reunion of the baader-meinhof gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in " unfaithful . " why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 works hard to establish rounded characters , but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them . 
OBJECTIVE:1 fourteen-year-old misfit farm boy duncan midge ( hirsch ) is trying to cope with his mother's death . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's never a good sign when a film's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma . it's a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad . 
OBJECTIVE:1 nete's father moves in and puts even more strain on nete's family and everyday life . 
OBJECTIVE:1 trying to avoid jail time from credit card fraud , price ( patrick mcknight ) , at the advice of his cousin , hides out at a college fraternity . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 their timing and desperate behavior trigger a horror so powerful , no six-shooter can put a dent in it . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a hilarious film for anyone who remembers lying as a kid -- and anyone who wants to see a movie that's just plain fun . 
OBJECTIVE:1 through it all , carlos comes to understand that if he is to make it as a comic artist , he must engage with the community he comes from , take that experience back out into the world , and put it in his work . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a broadly played , lowbrow comedy in which the cast delivers mildly amusing performances and no farm animals were injured by any of the gags . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a very long movie , dull in stretches , with entirely too much focus on meal preparation and igloo construction . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 at once emotional and richly analytical , the cosby-seinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 jirí hubac's script is a gem . his characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving . the scope of the silberstein family is large and we grow attached to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a continually fascinating exploration of the physical and psychological pain and pleasure of a bizarre relationship . 
OBJECTIVE:1 by the end of the day , everybody is nervous and tensions gets high . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it's sex and the city meets the wedding banquet for young san franciscan daniel chang , living at home with his clueless , traditional mother . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way . 
OBJECTIVE:1 for carlos - who has been challenged by his mentor to rework a superficial comic strip into something with depth and substance - running the store is the last thing on his mind . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing . 
OBJECTIVE:1 their plan is to take jason back home to crystal lake and have both freddy and jason destroy each other . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he was arrested for dealing drugs , he spent five years in jail and was banned from france for two years . 
OBJECTIVE:1 detective mi yun ( played by yum jung-ah ) , and her newly appointed partner , detective kang ( played by ji jin-hee ) , are assigned to the case . 
OBJECTIVE:1 searching for validity , recognition , and truth , he befriends a quirky computer genius and a kickboxing goddess , who all help one another realize what they have been missing from their lives . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she faces exams , completion of her thesis , and a competitive interview process , all of which is compounded when a police detective , wade handler ( bratt ) , begins investigating the two year-old disappearance of her boyfriend , embry langan ( hunnam ) , a young man whose memory haunts and obsesses her . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this isn't an original film , but it is an effective one . 
OBJECTIVE:1 there's a story that goes around the town of darkness falls about her , and she's called the tooth fairy . 
OBJECTIVE:1 surfing his first big break in pictures , young actor reverend heads for the big-time in hollywood . 
OBJECTIVE:1 tells the humorous and touching story of six former creative anarchists who lived as house squatters in berlin during its heyday in the 80s when berlin was still an island in the middle of the former eastern germany . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as they encounter ranger megan it turns out that werewolves are active in the region . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it is , by conventional standards , a fairly terrible movie . . . but it is also weirdly fascinating , a ready-made eurotrash cult object . it is also , at times , curiously moving . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i haven't encountered since at least pete's dragon . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot , moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a tired , unnecessary retread . . . a stale copy of a picture that wasn't all that great to begin with . 
OBJECTIVE:1 discover what seprates the sportsstyles and the spiritual style of martial arts . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this story of unrequited love doesn't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a classy item by a legend who may have nothing left to prove but still has the chops and drive to show how its done . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he lives in a motor garage with his six friends . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's the best film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other best picture contenders should be measured . 
OBJECTIVE:1 you see what he sees , you feel what he feels , you experience the horrible delusions and the verge of insanity as he struggles to find the thinning line between reality and the subconscious . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it is then an intimate view of the smoldering monochromatic site and the surrounding solitary streets , the ashen outskirts of new york's financial center , desolate and strewn with debris , the epicenter , a steel moonscape of dresdenesque remains . 
OBJECTIVE:1 unable to resist the sexual lure of the maenads' holy eroticism , pentheus attempts to join in only to be torn , literally limb from limb , by the frenzied bacchae . 
OBJECTIVE:1 yet this highly traditional world is facing profound changes due to the postwar influx of foreign images and ideas in japanese culture . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 while there are times when the film's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it doesn't . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 you get the feeling that the filmmakers did their homework and that they're here to represent a harsh reality . " 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's enough here to keep the sequel rocking , providing you can leave the adult in you at the door . 
OBJECTIVE:1 roy &#38 ; candy and lonnie earl &#38 ; darlene are two married couples who thought they knew one another , until they decided to take their dream vacation together . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms . 
OBJECTIVE:1 will the doctor be able to save komal from the don ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 but even this new relationship is not enough to inspire him to write . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 hands down the year's most thought-provoking film . but it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship . 
OBJECTIVE:1 except shaun runs into one complication after another starting when his application is rejected after his dim-witted guidance counselor sends the wrong application . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a criminal mastermind has set in motion a plan to infiltrate a high tech prison in order to persuade a death row inmate to reveal the whereabouts of $200 million worth of gold . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 anderson has created the kind of unconventional 'romantic comedy' we might expect from him . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it showcases carvey's talent for voices , but not nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of one's patience to get to the good stuff . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as " daddy day care " starts to catch on , it launches them into a comedic rivalry with the chapman academy tough-as-nails director , ms . harridan ( anjelica huston ) . 
OBJECTIVE:1 calvin's barbershop is filled with an eclectic and hilarious cast of characters that share their stories , jokes , trials and tribulations . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 frustratingly , dridi tells us nothing about el gallo other than what emerges through his music . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 mature , graceful documentary on conservative christian parents with homosexual children . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 at the same time touching , funny and breathtaking . 
OBJECTIVE:1 one of patricia's early followers is francis hiller ( edward albert jr . ) , jack's son and katherine's stepbrother , a successful local businessman . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after letting his screenwriting software sit on his shelf for three years , he finally has the big idea that inspires him to load screenwriter 4 . 0 and get writing . 
OBJECTIVE:1 his exciting and stylish life as a drug lord seems to have come to a halt . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 although tender and touching , the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing . 
OBJECTIVE:1 seven years later , the submarine uss tunny successfully launched the regulus nuclear cruise missile , and a whole new era in the history of the navy , the submarine and the cold war began ! 
OBJECTIVE:1 there , she isn't getting any luck in auditioning as a singer . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 evelyn may be a weightless picture , but it's hardly torture to sit through . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 let's face it , even vin's fake tats have more charisma than pierce brosnan . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after listening to looser friends talk about what silvester stallone would do in his situation , the postal worker decides to buy a ticket to china and follow his love to her home . 
OBJECTIVE:1 and most of the eyewitnesses have rather too conveniently died . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a composition of gestures stripped of romance and presented in their barest forms . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as the police investigate and suspect is arrested , we discover that joe knows more than he is letting on . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in this movie , steven seagal and ja rule get put in the " new alcatraz " apparently because ja rule kills a cop . 
OBJECTIVE:1 some guests join the family for a farewell-part for lena . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they all try to cope with the situation - he has only three weeks left , and you don't argue with a dying man . 
OBJECTIVE:1 tired of his constant fixation on drinking and television , herk's wife anna and daughter jenny decide to find new love interests in divorced dad eliot arnold and his son matt . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time . 
OBJECTIVE:1 using this violence as a springboard , bret begins a new game , a game where only he knows the rules . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if myers decides to make another austin powers movie , maybe he should just stick with austin and dr evil . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the widow's teenage daughter wants to be a professional gambler and she convinces her mother to date a british man whose new in town . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 unfortunately this film will not satisfy if you are looking to discover the missing link , but if you are simply interested in humor and some 'interesting' footage , to say the least , you will not be disappointed . 
OBJECTIVE:1 not a long time ago she was a successful popstar whose life consisted in hosting tv shows and signing autographs . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this is a romantic comedy about a girl named christina who , one day , meets a guy in a bar . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what could and should have been biting and droll is instead a tepid waste of time and talent . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he is a homeless street performer who brings shakespeare's soliloquies to life each afternoon on various street corners around the city of denver . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a former eastern germany secret agent runs away fron his past and lands in m&#233 ; xico under a fake identity . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 nothing short of a respectful testament to the ingenious creative drive of the outsider . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 while insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , nolan's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in his own mental state , he sees his wife alive and beautiful . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we're all in this together . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . just a big mess of a movie , full of images and events , but no tension or surprise . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film follows 17-year-old cassandra mortmain ( romola garai ) , and the fortunes of her eccentric family , struggling to survive in a decaying english castle . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he's not happy just to run this fratricidal con , he also wants to cash in as much as he can of one hundred kilos of crystal meth that he stole from the rojas ( and the mexicans ) , seduce the girlfriend of one of his victims , and stay ahead of a cop who was a childhood friend . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but after he's done his " day job " matt takes on a secret identity as " the man without fear , " daredevil , the masked avenger that patrols the neighborhood of hell's kitchen and new york city to combat the injustice that he cannot tackle in the courtroom . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the ultimate hell is about to be raised on earth . 
OBJECTIVE:1 set in an american town in the rocky mountains in the 1930s . 
OBJECTIVE:1 so as she tries to open the door for the last time , it just won't open . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there are a couple of things that elevate " glory " above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall . 
OBJECTIVE:1 using their immense skills , max and charisse track rausch , a brilliant international arms dealer , around the globe . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the teamster's union goes on strike against overnite transportation , a nationwide freight company that has resisted unionization . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one of the more intelligent children's movies to hit theaters this year . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this movie seems to have been written using mad-libs . there can be no other explanation . hilariously inept and ridiculous . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 makes an aborbing if arguable case for the man's greatness . 
OBJECTIVE:1 documentary about robert mcnamara , secretary of defense in the kennedy and johnson administrations , who subsequently became president of the world bank . 
OBJECTIVE:1 passionada is the story of three generations of portuguese women in the fishing community of new bedford , ma . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in a summer overrun with movies dominated by cgi aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 from the trembling fury of gheorgiu's tosca to the penetrating stare of raimondi's scarpia , this tosca blazes with passion . at its best , it's sublime . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a senior at an elite college ( katie holmes ) , already under severe pressure to complete her thesis and land a prestigious job , must confront the sudden reappearance of her old boyfriend ( charlie hunnam ) , after his two year , unexplained absence . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 naturally , he returns to his analyst dr . ben sobel ( crystal ) for help and finds that sobel needs some serious help himself as he has inherited the family practice , as well as an excess stock of stress . 
OBJECTIVE:1 among the drove is a pair of con men , on a decadent road trip as santa and his elf . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when two african american pilots become the first non-white soldiers in the camp , one turns up murdered and the other accused of killing a white sergeant . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 together , miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the outback and through the bush with his wife terri's ever-present commentary ringing out over the countryside ( " that was a close one , steve ! " ) , the crocodile hunter is out to save the gorgeous croc and relocate him . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 everything is pegged into the groove of a new york dating comedy with 'issues' to simplify . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but when his reputation is challenged by an aggressive racer with a fast ride , he can't back down . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie is engaging and well acted , though , and the pink panther-style credits and background music are worth the price of admission . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn . 
OBJECTIVE:1 'tracks' chronicles their descent with a striking visual portrayal of a boy who made a mistake , paid the consequences and got back on 'track . ' 
OBJECTIVE:1 after repeated trips to cuba , the schendel brothers succeed in taking a close look into the underground world of cuban cars , finding along the way a gallery of eccentric characters - the curators of the largest , living , automobile museum in the world . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an inventive , absorbing movie that's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist . 
OBJECTIVE:1 then , grace lets us in on the secret of their marriage , and how she is able to keep communication front and center in their relationship . 
OBJECTIVE:1 that enemy has developed a " micro-device " that can be injected into victims in order to kill them at will . 
OBJECTIVE:1 awara paagal deewana is an action comedy , which revolves around a dentist who accidentally gets trapped into underworld and goes in for a roller coaster ride . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it prevents her making physical contact with other people . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 miyazaki has provided another triumph , and , in the midst of the quality fall-off of disney's in-house animated projects , a reason for animation-lovers to rejoice . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he has returned as a ghost , but he can do nothing but passively observe as the police stand clueless to the murder . 
OBJECTIVE:1 his good looks , charm and overwhelming confidence captured the eye of screen legend norma shearer , who offered him a film role . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 quirky and understated office comedy with crispin glover as the guy who would prefer not to work , but likes to hang around . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 despite a well-placed sense of historical outrage , fence isn't one-sided . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a quirky family parks its trailer on a texas desert and tries to build the golf course of the father's dreams . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . the plot weaves us into a complex web . 
OBJECTIVE:1 matt lee whitlock ( washington ) , respected chief of police in small banyan key , florida , must solve a vicious double homicide before he himself falls under suspicion . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ordinary melodrama that is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin on dramatic substance
SUBJECTIVE:0 not for the prurient or squeamish , it's a daring if overlong examination of an idolized culture , self-loathing and sexual politics . 
OBJECTIVE:1 nick farrow is a young mid-twenties trust fund baby . 
OBJECTIVE:1 like her mother , she is down to earth , clever , and a huge fan of the musical sweeney todd . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  ( e . t . ) stands as a perfect movie-going experience that i don't believe will ever show signs of age . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but their cultural difference further separates them as lando ( antonio aquitania ) , isabel's boyfriend , enters into the picture . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the streets of east los angeles , manny is a formidable drug dealer . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a teenager rides the same bus to school everyday . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story starts with hakimi , a freelance scriptwriter who is on his way to send his 7-year-old daughter , imelda , to his ex-wife's house on one stormy night . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film's 45-minute running time stops shy of overkill , though viewers may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen . 
OBJECTIVE:1 for too long the children have been abused , molested , neglected , exploited , and killed , and their tormentors have escaped through the cracks in the justice system . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but . . . it's at least watchable . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it comes off as so silly that you wouldn't be surprised if ba , murdock and rest of the a-team were seen giving chase in a black and red van . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 watching living actors interact against the lush , studied inertia of the backdrops gives us the impression of history come to life , or statues magically transformed into living creatures . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 directing with a sure and measured hand , [haneke] steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that hollywood too rarely provides . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but genevieve is anticipating exactly that type of response from starla and soon turns everyone , including starla's friends and family , against her by playing the poor victim and making it appear that starla's the aggressor . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium . 
OBJECTIVE:1 guns , money , and a chance at paradise . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the ending doesn't work . . . but most of the movie works so well i'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride . 
OBJECTIVE:1 at dinner , his father asks him about his new telescope . 
OBJECTIVE:1 his determination is turned to desperation by a personal tragedy that now drives him to want to change the past . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [it] has the feel of a summer popcorn movie . nothing too deep or substantial . explosions , jokes , and sexual innuendoes abound . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's not a great monster movie . but if you've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there's guilty fun to be had here . chomp chomp ! 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it understands , in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 all very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as i settled into my world war ii memories , i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 but buying into sham truths and routine " indie " filmmaking , freundlich has made just another safe movie . it's not horrible , just horribly mediocre . 
OBJECTIVE:1 yet it was his little-known artistic pursuits before the war that honed his discerning eye . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 you have no affinity for most of the characters . nothing about them is attractive . what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills . men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic . 
OBJECTIVE:1 their only common bond is the vague promise of riches at the end of their journey as they try to stay one step ahead of santiago , a violent gangster out for their blood and gaining on them all the time . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a twisted collision of " barney " " the fisher king " and " serpico . " 
OBJECTIVE:1 nadine works there as a prostitute though she is married with children , hannah keeps the appointment book , christie is an actress who has been cast as a prostitute and must learn the ins and outs , and josephine is a student who is forced into it for economical reasons . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the inside story sees dean olsen ( curry ) finding a mysterious book in the cellar of his uncle's ( tingwell ) old house . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title , writer-director peter mattei's first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy . 
OBJECTIVE:1 her stalker looks threatening but his manner seems to suggest that he is just a confused social outcast , trapped in an obsessive , repetitive rut that revolves around anna . 
OBJECTIVE:1 slim , the thinking head hatched a plan for their final retirement : five consecutive burglars , in five days , involving 20 million dollars . 
OBJECTIVE:1 moved in his heart with the urgency to reach out for christ , he gets an idea to try and reach the masses in his city for jesus . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the real draw , though , is the performance by dunst that is , alone , worth the price of admission . 
OBJECTIVE:1 concerned that his son is going to embarrass him during his campaign to become the governor of california , brad's wealthy father and his campaign manager ( underwood ) , hire two juilliard-trained actors ( diggs and anderson ) to disguise themselves as " real life gangstaz " , and kidnap his son , dropping him off in the " real hood " in compton , in an effort to scare the ghettofied attitude and behavior out of him . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she ignores him and climbs the town water tower regularly . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they lie in bed but all his advances are instantly rejected by a progressively more nervous ana . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the importance of being earnest resonates and inspires rapid-fire bouts of laughter , perhaps even a few giggles from the author himself , whom posterity has rewarded the last laugh . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this flick is about as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the filmmaker ascends , literally , to the olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in their fortuitous encounter , forged by fire , he makes peace with the past and she takes control of her destiny . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film . 
OBJECTIVE:1 to escape their troubles and find women , they book a trip on board a cruise-liner , unaware the travel agent has just played a horrid trick on them in retaliation for nick offending his secret gay lover . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 like any good romance , son of the bride , proves it's never too late to learn . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 yeah , these flicks are just that damn good . isn't it great ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum . a rumor of angels doesn't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up . 
OBJECTIVE:1 with no job possibilities on the horizon , the two dads open their own day care facility , " daddy day care " , and employ some fairly unconventional and sidesplitting methods of caring for children . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title would have you believe . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a shambles of a movie--visually unattractive , unbearably loud and utterly silly . . . its hilarity is completely unintentional . 
OBJECTIVE:1 although forcibly baptized , the sisters are chased through christendom until they arrive in venice . 
OBJECTIVE:1 obviously a socialist commentary , poets is in turn informative , witty and thought-provoking . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's the extra layer that makes this one , the movie's understanding of how disillusion and inner compromise can gradually separate a young artist from his divine spark . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what full frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment . still , i'm not quite sure what the point is…
OBJECTIVE:1 there is the one where tourists come to test their luck in the casinos and there is the one where all the losers end up . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if you're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you -– decasia
SUBJECTIVE:0 flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they can't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it downplays the initial assault , referring to it only in fragmented flashbacks , while offering a cogent critique of ongoing attitudes about rape and its victims , particularly in japan . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 attal's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it's a wonder that he couldn't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 bright seems alternately amused and disgusted with this material , and he can't help throwing in a few of his own touches . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children's television . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it is quickly agreed however , that selling chocolates door to door , or fire powered potato guns to children , may be too complicated . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this cinderella story doesn't have a single surprise up its sleeve . but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the change in political leaders sparks paranoia among american cia officials , so cia director bill cabot recruits a young analyst to supply insight and advice on the situation . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he's lost his super powers , and it will take all of bachelorman's skill and cunning to get his lois lane back . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the ridiculed home secretary is slowly coming to life , but in his way stands a paranoid defense secretary . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . another example of how sandler is losing his touch . 
OBJECTIVE:1 told in one fluid shot , a tale which floats like a dreamlike journey through the majestic spaces of the hermitage in st . petersburg , engaging real and imagined characters from russian and european history . 
OBJECTIVE:1 if so , then this movie will touch your soul . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 hawke's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , doesn't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the double wedding on valentine's day arrives in a flurry of yelling , confessions and proposals . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 children may not understand everything that happens -- i'm not sure even miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 steeped in lore and unabashedly surreal , the film is just charming enough for children and just bizarre enough for adults -- a perfect balance . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 williams hasn't been this creepy since his starring role in popeye . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if deuces wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that's so bad it starts to become good . but it wasn't . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  " frida " is a good film that has some brilliant moments of artistry throughout . 
OBJECTIVE:1 five hours ago the " t virus " was " accidentally " released . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this peculiar love story exposes lilli's internal bouts and her nightmarish " bad luck " . 
OBJECTIVE:1 his model girl friend ( anne marie johnson ) immediately leaves him . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships . 
OBJECTIVE:1 events go from tragic to dangerous as racism , paranoia , and a secret mistress come into play . 
OBJECTIVE:1 her dream fades away - until she discovers that the money was hidden in the heel . 
OBJECTIVE:1 things got out of hand and led to a tragic ending . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 none of these characters resembles anyone you've ever met in real life , unless you happen to know annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese's 168-minute gangs of new york , i was entranced . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a timeless , coming of age story set against the epic , sweeping landscape of north africa . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the next morning , their friday gets freaky when tess and anna find themselves inside the wrong bodies . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . routine , harmless diversion and little else . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as they struggle to get out of the country and fight to stay alive , they find a special love and compassion from which emerges their ultimate moral and spiritual redemption . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics aren't likely to enter the theater . 
OBJECTIVE:1 sex , lies &#38 ; superheroes features the writers and artists who have helped make comic books a medium for sophisticated stories and artwork . 
OBJECTIVE:1 with a shower like this , what could go wrong with the wedding ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b . s . one another and put on a show in drag . 
OBJECTIVE:1 tim , who had scoffed at nick's idea and passed on an opportunity to get in on the deal , can only watch as nick's fortune -- and tim's own envy -- grow to equally outrageous proportions . 
OBJECTIVE:1 steven merritt , a research obsessed writer is mistaken for being gay by rebecca , a young veterinarian assistant . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a chaotic panorama that's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage . 
OBJECTIVE:1 pauly then fakes his own death , and the media goes crazy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 harris commands the screen , using his frailty to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 nakata's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it has been a year since johnny and wayne created the ultimate bra for samantha's company . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 cockettes has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of those days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it was filmed above and below water over a two-year period . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as social exposé , skins has its heart in the right place , but that's not much to hang a soap opera on . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 from the choppy editing to the annoying score to 'special effects' by way of replacing objects in a character's hands below the camera line , " besotted " is misbegotten
SUBJECTIVE:0 as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film's creepy , clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 haynes has so fanatically fetishized every bizarre old-movie idiosyncrasy with such monastic devotion you're not sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when eliza discovers that poachers in africa's serengeti desert plan to kill an elephant herd with an electrified fence , she and her chimpanzee friend darwin must somehow find a way to stop them . 
OBJECTIVE:1 salvagers discover the antonia graza , an italian luxury liner with a dark secret . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but does she realize , that this version of francis , douglas and henry is in reality her grown up son alan ( timothy bottoms ) . . . ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the only entertainment you'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles – several of them . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 few films capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the stands . 
OBJECTIVE:1 what starts as an innocent game of bar trivia soon escalates into an all out war - dex &#38 ; eric vs . herb . 
OBJECTIVE:1 amber ( madonna ) is 40 , beautiful , rich , spoiled , and arrogant beyond measure . 
OBJECTIVE:1 adopting the name " spider-man " , peter first uses his newfound powers to make money , but after his uncle is murdered at the hands of a criminal peter failed to stop , he swears to use his powers to fight the evil that killed his uncle . 
OBJECTIVE:1 under the queen's wrathful gaze , tops are bottomed , tranny sailors seduce pirate captains , kings are mothers and cross-dressing femmes pack a wallop . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in the not-too-distant future , movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds . right now , they're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination . 
OBJECTIVE:1 adapted from a monologue in his " blue jam " radio series , chris morris' first short film is a haunting black comedy about a man who no longer uses his name because he's decided he's ceased to deserve one , and a dog called rothko who says he is the man's lawyer . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's really only one good idea in this movie , but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the deeper matt runs into the forest the farther his mind is lost to the blackwoods . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who can't get out of his own way . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 just like the deli sandwich : lots of ham , lots of cheese , with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after ( or during ) consumption of its second half . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this event leads to deep thoughts about marriage , friendship , relationships and last not least life itself . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 not for all tastes . but i , for one , was hooked by this fish's tale . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's disappointing when filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script . 
OBJECTIVE:1 everyone thinks that it's him that has opened the chamber of secrets because that is what slytherin was famous for . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 'rare birds' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience . 
OBJECTIVE:1 sidney is a writer who's just left her l . a . times music review gig to edit new york hip-hop magazine xxl . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the world around him seemingly comes to a stop ; everything and everybody becomes frozen in time . 
OBJECTIVE:1 will superfag save the world from peckerhead's evil diabolical plan ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what we have here is an examination of fathers , sons and sibling rivalry - squared and sideways
OBJECTIVE:1 tonight at hamilton high , the lesson is survival . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the rich woman seeks the help of her lawyers to find her lost grandson cary and eventually finds him living in a deprived area with cass . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 …it wasn't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film…it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , " wait a second , did i miss something ? " ending . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 while peterson and her ageless alter ego keep an ironic detachment from the melodramatics , there's no irony in the end-title dedication to price -- it obviously comes straight from the heart . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the brass are convinced this is a serial killer chosing victims at random , but sam and buckley discover a pattern involving health personnel who work in neonatal intensive care . 
OBJECTIVE:1 billy marries his high school sweet heart , janet and they soon have a son . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the fate of the earth depends on the tournaments outcome . 
OBJECTIVE:1 years later murdock has grown into a man and becomes a respected criminal attorney . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated . not to mention absolutely refreshed . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the two friends devise a plan to dress up in drag , commit a minor felony , get caught and then sent to the same prison in order to retrievie the ticket . 
OBJECTIVE:1 vir , a young man from a rural village , learns on his wedding day that the people whom he thought were his parents arn't . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 too restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging . . . the isle defies an easy categorization . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once . 
OBJECTIVE:1 meanwhile , puteri megawati , who is very thankful to the mysterious guy that saved her , meets siti shahirah , a member of the paparazzi that as usual , is looking for sensational news . 
OBJECTIVE:1 now , years later he has two sons and they have a band . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a comedic short about a man flying through mexico who despite not speaking the language meets a pretty girl only to juggle his attention between her and the world's worst case of 'montezuma's revenge' . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it's valentines day , sweets are currency , and new yorkers can't seem to get enough of their favorite moses donuts . 
OBJECTIVE:1 turin , italy : philippa paccard , deeply disappointed by the police's lax investigation following her husband's drug death , places a bomb in the dealer's cover office . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 despite all evidence to the contrary , this clunker has somehow managed to pose as an actual feature movie , the kind that charges full admission and gets hyped on tv and purports to amuse small children and ostensible adults . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . ah , what the hell . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a london website designer ops out of her comfortable but ordinary relationship with a nice boyfriend when she forms a dangerously obsessive bond with a handsome , mysterious mountaineer , who turns out to have some secrets . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 frankly , it's kind of insulting , both to men and women . and it's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting . 
OBJECTIVE:1 at the height of hitler's infamous u-boat war , the crew of the u . s . s . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after months in the holy land he returns home in hope of forgiveness , some poontang and perhaps , if he finds the time , finding the mysterious wizard . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 seeing it as a westerner is an enlightening , even liberating , experience . 
OBJECTIVE:1 their letter has been received in whitehall and merton corroborates their heroic story . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an unremarkable , modern action/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ratliff speaks the truth about these pentecostal extremists with fairness and compassion , while the well-intentioned churchgoers shout only semi-truths in a frightfully un-christlike fashion . 
OBJECTIVE:1 standard story of boy meets girl and girl thinks he is gay . 
OBJECTIVE:1 angry and confused teen runaways come and go at the shelter , as steve learns he is not alone in his predicament and that the streets offer a harsh reality . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the sisters of st john of god have maintained a presence in the kimberley for nearly 100 years . 
OBJECTIVE:1 bret packard is the best baseball player in the world . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a gang of robbers , lead by career criminal charlie croker , create the largest traffic jam in los angeles history , giving them time to pull off a theft of gold bullion . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the new code has the ability to mutate and adapt to any computer environment just like organisms can adapt . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  " on guard ! " won't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world's best actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a good time . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ‘direct-to-video' release . 
OBJECTIVE:1 joanna , a good-for-nothing girl who miserably failed in her attempt to win any television game show and contest , is hired by nino as his personal secretary , believing that she could be her lucky charm . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story . 
OBJECTIVE:1 one of the ring's original bearers , the creature gollum ( andy serkis ) , has tracked frodo and sam down in search of his 'precious' , but is captured by the hobbits and used as a way to lead them to mt . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he journeys to the mecca of bodybuilding , los angeles , on a quest to attain specific answers in the field of physiological research as it relates to anatomy and the structuring of the ultimate training regimen . 
OBJECTIVE:1 paco , a rapper and performer , indifferent to all except her career , dreams of hitting the top ten chart . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey doesn't really go anywhere . 
OBJECTIVE:1 lead by billy clemens , the gang includes maggie and virginia caulder , two beautiful sisters who have a penchant for disguise as well as gun handling . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground . 
OBJECTIVE:1 reluctantly , busy katherine allows patricia to audition and , at once , recognizes her incredible talent . 
OBJECTIVE:1 seeking a mental escape , simone begins to tune into what's happening with the other couples around her . 
OBJECTIVE:1 into this mix is thrown jed , jackson's hunky cousin , which leads jackson to seriously contemplate the technicalities of incest . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when all but one of mi5's top agents are killed in an explosion . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite . 
OBJECTIVE:1 and what better place for romance than coney island ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 despite the predictable parent vs . child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at " the real americans " make this a charmer . 
OBJECTIVE:1 because he is in debt , dewey poses as his roommate , a substitute teacher , and gets a job teaching a 4th grade class . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a breezy , diverting , conventional , well-acted tale of two men locked in an ongoing game of cat-and-cat . 
OBJECTIVE:1 davey thinks he's gotten off easy until he meets whitey duvall , the eccentric , elf-like head referee . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 chelsea walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's the most nimble epic you're likely to see . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 harland williams is so funny in drag he should consider permanent sex-reassignment . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids . . . getting . . . very . . . heavy . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 shanghai ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life . 
OBJECTIVE:1 and too late for neil too - his wife jenny has already applied to adopt an african girl . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the experiment is supposed to be transported to a prison asteroid , yet manages to escape captain gantu , who was supposed to deliver him there . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that's where this film should have remained . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 all prints of this film should be sent to and buried on pluto . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for a movie audience , the hours doesn't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after selling the shop to a local loan shark , calvin slowly begins to see his father's vision and legacy and struggles with the notion that he just sold it out . 
OBJECTIVE:1 his mission : to gather information on an organization that may just be planning the destruction of the world , led by the nihilistic yorgi . 
OBJECTIVE:1 daily prison life is not drab but full of unexpected happenings like a story . 
OBJECTIVE:1 before he can complete his task he meets a young women d&#218 ; a ( margr&#233 ; t vilhj&#225 ; lmsd&#243 ; ttir ) who he believes might be his daughter . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 responsável direto pelo fracasso 'artístico' de doce lar , o roteirista c . jay cox não consegue sequer aproveitar os pouquíssimos momentos em que escapa da mediocridade . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's more scatological action in 8 crazy nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career . 
OBJECTIVE:1 victor ( leguizamo ) , is trying to escape his life as a drug dealer in the south bronx . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the young man looks for comfort in his father , but he's to occupied with winning the eurovision song contest . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a stunning and overwhelmingly cogent case for kissinger as a calculating war criminal . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for all its failed connections , divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood is nurturing , in a gauzy , dithering way . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this " league " comprises seafarer/inventor captain nemo ( shah ) , vampiress mina harker ( wilson ) , an invisible man named rodney skinner ( curran ) , american secret service agent tom sawyer ( west ) , the ageless and invincible dorian gray ( townsend ) , and the dangerous split personality of dr . jekyll/mr . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in his role of observer of the scene , lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after 20 years of exile in paris , gustavo returns to his native city s&#227 ; o paulo . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 doug liman , the director of bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie's spycraft and uses damon's ability to be focused and sincere . 
OBJECTIVE:1 now faced with the discovery of a bloodied body , a flaming liquor store just off native land that sells millions of cans of beer a year to the native population , and his brother's ongoing self-destruction , rudy goes on a quest to avenge himself , his family , and his culture and to seek justice . 
OBJECTIVE:1 durval and celia are charmed by the child at first , but soon they see some sad news about celia and kiki on tv that will change the whole situation . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs . cinematic pratfalls given a working over . the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back . 
OBJECTIVE:1 on new year's eve , 1969 , a flamboyant ragtag troupe of genderbending hippies took the stage of san francisco's palace theater and the cockettes were born . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in trying to be daring and original , it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in stunning color film noir , with munich germany , as the backdrop , this is the amazing story of one man and one woman against the odds . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the painter visually depicts the life of a lonely immigrant woman who seeks companionship with the window repairman . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he falls for hunky diner owner matt , who falls just as hard back . 
OBJECTIVE:1 set in the summer of 1942 during wwii , the film traces the trajectory of simple people thrown into extraordinary lives , revealing the heart-warming flame of hope and humanity that endures , even in times of war and dispair . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 trapped presents a frightening and compelling 'what if ? ' scenario that will give most parents pause . . . . then , something terrible happens . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the early 1900's , a new invention ( and one of the very first uses of the electric motor ) was created to address the 'problem' of women's hysteria . 
OBJECTIVE:1 guru gulab is married to vikrant's stepsister preeti ( preeti jhangiani ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it doesn't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 like the best of godard's movies . . . it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 walter hill's pulpy , stylized boxing melodrama undisputed nearly overcomes its questionable in-the-ring match-up with solid fight choreography and gritty prison authenticity . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the pink house is a fast-paced , youthful comedy that has been called a sweeter , more intellectual animal house . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford park's . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's a heavy stench of 'been there , done that' hanging over the film . it's everything you'd expect -- but nothing more . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there are now two signs that m . night shyamalan's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as he experiences each aberration , the artist enters an almost trance-like state , during which he paints what he sees . 
OBJECTIVE:1 with her birthday fast approaching , she must decide whether or not to keep the promise she made to herself over a decade earlier : quit the music business at 40 if she hasn't made it by then . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 about as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come . 
OBJECTIVE:1 two american tourists on a romantic camping trip are brutally murdered . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 andersson creates a world that's at once surreal and disturbingly familiar ; absurd , yet tremendously sad . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 so beautifully acted and directed , it's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this remake gets all there is to get out of a peculiar premise with promise : al pacino loathing robin williams . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he's got big plans and all the reckless passion he needs to follow them through . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the kids go through many adventures as a result of taking the flag home . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film's saving grace is the brilliant execution of its march numbers . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho's . 
OBJECTIVE:1 roxie killed her lover when he walked out on her , and velma killed her husband and sister , who were having an affair . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995's forget paris . but even then , i'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie sticks much closer to hornby's drop-dead confessional tone than the film version of high fidelity did . 
OBJECTIVE:1 hear commentary by some of the top stars of no-holds-barred including rorion gracie , mark kerr , keith hackney and bas rutten . 
OBJECTIVE:1 with the help of his two brothers &#193 ; kos , a successful manager and sex maniac , and andr&#225 ; s , a poet and complete loser , he tries to make a good impression on the american and persuade him to finance the film project . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this film puts wang at the forefront of china's sixth generation of film makers . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film follows three tracks : banks's slow recruitment of bennie , the set-up for the hit at a swank resort in mexico , and the fbi's close pursuit of banks , whom they want alive in hopes he'll rat out his bosses . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the primitive force of this film seems to bubble up from the vast collective memory of the combatants . it's like watching a nightmare made flesh . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they have fallen on hard times and are now working jobs outside of show business to make ends meet . 
OBJECTIVE:1 comedic high jinks ensue as the two go on the lam and start to fall in love . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when she is discovered stealing money from the hotel , she turns to her friend zidanes for help . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the irony is that this film's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own . 
OBJECTIVE:1 sam leads the kids in a running battle with the gunmen throughout the school . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he has been detained there as a result of planted incriminating evidence of unlawful investigation techniques . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in 2000 , with berlin as germany's new capital , an event happens forcing the group out of existential reason to reunite and , ultimately , come to grips with the reason they separated 12 years ago . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing . 
OBJECTIVE:1 with terry in the corner office , you'll never be late for the morning meeting again . 
OBJECTIVE:1 jones' desire was to document the creative work of yhf's production , he seems to have found a bit more , including band members departing and a conflict with reprise record company . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film has too many spots where it's on slippery footing , but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that's especially fit for the kiddies . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 de niro cries . you'll cry for your money back . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a film that will probably please people already fascinated by behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration . 
OBJECTIVE:1 kimberly corman , 19 , was just taking a trip with her friends . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he's got a crush on the sexy young blonde , billy , who he met at an orgy the other night . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 its story may be a thousand years old , but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory . 
OBJECTIVE:1 an alcoholic ex-school teacher takes a job watching security cameras in the same house . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she is forced to approach roxie with an offer of a part in her vaudville act ( filling the gap left by her murdered sister ) , but roxie turns down her offer flat , thinking she needs no support in topping the bill . 
OBJECTIVE:1 we are taken on this journey through the voice and body of mnemosyne , mother of memory . 
OBJECTIVE:1 however , the enemy terrorists learn of his secret identity and kidnap his girlfriend/fiancee ( gabriel macht ) . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this 'blonde goddess' , however , left her career at its peak to devote herself to a life of meditation and religious devotion , in the mountains of rio de janeiro . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 pacino is brilliant as the sleep-deprived dormer , his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ziyad repeatedly reassures her of his undying love , but family and social pressure , particularly his evil , meddling mother , gradually poison their happy relationship until the love , enthusiasm and humour of their early days soon take a tragic turn . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . there's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is . 
OBJECTIVE:1 irish eyes are crying explores the relationship between two irish-american brothers in boston born to immigrant parents and raised in a rough , working class irish neighborhood . 
OBJECTIVE:1 sudden fame does not seem to solve everything , however . 
OBJECTIVE:1 while she is away a strange man with an axe comes into the motel room and attacks matt . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film . what's left is a rich stew of longing . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as patients mysteriously disappear , and the body count mounts , even the exterminators , ratmaster general " hans " ( john paul young ) and his assistant , " jim " ( adam redmond ) are no contest for the awesome force of this hybrid rodent strain . 
OBJECTIVE:1 challenges of love , aptitude , and character are presented and won with fun and intensity while our rambunctious housemates grow emotionally , spiritually , and perhaps a bit more tipsy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember . so could young romantics out on a date . 
OBJECTIVE:1 dana , a college student obsessed with the internet , explores the media to an extent where chatting with a stranger , becomes a higher priority than giving attention to her loved ones . 
OBJECTIVE:1 because of being deeply moved from the sunflowers' beautiness , he takes one of them as a sign for his love back to the city . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he has no life ( lives at home with his mother ) and no reason to live . 
OBJECTIVE:1 oscar's path to his true love is further crossed by diane , eve's best friend who , one night while wearing eve's borrowed perfumed scarf , offers him temporary comfort in an unconventional tryst . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the values that have held the enterprise crew together through previous adventures and perils do so again-courage , self-sacrifice and patience under pressure . 
OBJECTIVE:1 carlos ramirez , 28 , lives in the dominican neighborhood of washington heights in new york city , where his father eddie runs a local bodega . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he began a film , a search , to discover not only what had happened to stevie over the past ten years but to understand the forces that had shaped his entire life . 
OBJECTIVE:1 unbeknownst to the elders , the widows daughter has come to settle the estate , evict them and have an estate sale all in one day . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but this time , lucy , instead of thinking of herself first is able to comfort dante and forgive his momentary rage . 
OBJECTIVE:1 watching the so-called powerful falling on their own petards is a venal pleasure , yet it also serves as a life lesson . 
OBJECTIVE:1 we weave in and out of eight defective lives and go for a turbulent mental ride where lilli's reality spirals out of control and we're lead to an unforgettable climax where some fall apart and some piece themselves together . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the parts are better than the whole ( bizarre , funny , tragic - like love in new york ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he must escape his way back to the safe confines of his truck and being lost without losing his life . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer's memory . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the cast is so low-wattage that none of the characters comes off as big . . . and the setting remains indistinct . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 while " real women have curves " suffers from an obvious and simplistic screenplay , it's a bright looking , well-acted charmer . 
OBJECTIVE:1 gigli , a lowly and inept hitman , is assigned a job by the mob to kidnap a mentally retarded brother of a california district attorney . 
OBJECTIVE:1 clearly in over his head with both assignments , landon is forced to ask jamie for help . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the script isn't very good ; not even someone as gifted as hoffman ( the actor ) can make it work . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the miseducation of mitchell is a gritty , inner-city drama that covers one day in the life of mitchell , a quiet ten-year-old boy who lives with his crack-head mother ( nayomi ) in a roach infested downtown l . a . motel . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 schefberg has the courage to make the story messily un-formulaic . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a compelling and thought-provoking drama on the armenian genocide after world war i and its toxic impact on the spirits and lives of some contemporary canadians . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a muckraking job , the cinematic equivalent of a legal indictment , and a fairly effective one at that . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the shop we find eddie ( the entertainer ) , an old barber with strong opinions and no customers . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but career pressure , burned toast and dirty laundry erode any feelings of tenderness , and they never seem to find enough time for their six-year-old son , benny . 
OBJECTIVE:1 marly temple is living her father's dream of running a motel , only it has become her nightmare . 
OBJECTIVE:1 sid , a sloth who never stops talking is left behind sleeping while everyone else begins the journey to the south . 
OBJECTIVE:1 set in the rural landscape of iceland , she faces serious obstacles over the course of the summer that challenge her to find her own resourcefulness , and ultimately her independence . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 while most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films . it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a nicely constructed film with an unusual , though not unheard-of theme for chinese cinema . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an entertaining , grimy view of the traps of machismo tucked inside a cop thriller . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they will live without thinking in the consequences , getting into a world where they won't be able to escape . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the two play a high-stakes game of pool which ends in a huge debt owed to joe and soon johnny finds that his brother is in jail for trying to steal the money he owes . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 birthday girl doesn't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency . 
OBJECTIVE:1 however , he can only inhabit the body of a child for a short time . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a recent favourite at sundance , this white-trash satire will inspire the affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of def leppard's pyromania . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 plays like a checklist of everything rob reiner and his cast were sending up . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 without [de niro] , city by the sea would slip under the waves . he drags it back , single-handed . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 davis' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i don't even care that there's no plot in this antonio banderas-lucy liu faceoff . it's still terrible ! 
OBJECTIVE:1 the writer creates a story of a elderly man who seeks happiness because of the recent lose of his wife . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie is a meditation on the love and envy that russia has always felt toward europe , and i won't pretend i got more than 30 percent of what was going on . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 pan nalin's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as this sacrifice draws to its close , our story begins . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 muccino is honest in the emotional damage left by his immature men and passionate in his portraits of twentysomething commitment-phobes struggling against growing up . 
OBJECTIVE:1 tells the important , but little-known story of dismantling segregation in the polite society that was bermuda in the 1950s . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 automatically pegs itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 sayles . . . once again strands his superb performers in the same old story . 
OBJECTIVE:1 and even if the answer is " yes , " what then ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 the young man find herbert down in his jail cell and learns for himself just what the re-agent is capable of . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as immaculate as stuart little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous . 
OBJECTIVE:1 through a series of flashbacks , he is forced to face the fact that he has been unable to get her to quit smoking and probably never will . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after she rejects him for a fellow social climber , summer g spends ten years building a hip hop empire , then moves to the hamptons where he finds the object of his affections . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  " analyze that " is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 bears is bad . not 'terrible filmmaking' bad , but more like , 'i once had a nightmare like this , and it's now coming true' bad . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 cuts right through the b . s . giving a big middle-fingered " shut up " to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta one another . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story revolves around a dying father and his son , who is trying to learn more about his dad by piecing together the stories he has gathered over the years . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 isn't as sharp as the original . . . despite some visual virtues , 'blade ii' just doesn't cut it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 stephen stalls his interrogators with stories of his affair with toni , while she risks her freedom by seducing an employee in the d . a . 's 
SUBJECTIVE:0 disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies…or any other john woo flick for that matter . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 long before it's over , you'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film makes a tragic error by going on for too long , trying to mirror every subsequent event in chinese history : war , revolution , communism , etc . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when he finds out she is gay he starts to do his homework . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 offers 102 minutes of breezy , occasionally very funny entertainment . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 sum " is jack ryan's " do-over . " give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works . especially give credit to affleck . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one of the best examples of how to treat a subject , you're not fully aware is being examined , much like a photo of yourself you didn't know was being taken . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a stormy french adolescent drama about friendship , family , and sexual politics . 
OBJECTIVE:1 before she drowns , the baby is rescued by manny and sid . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after a drastic confrontation with the 'normal' outside world that results in fighting and panic , the group breaks up . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they marry because that's what you are supposed to do . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he feels he is only an instrument of their greed . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for all the realpolitik underpinnings , this is less john le carre than a tech noir " die hard " in downtown seoul . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 despite his self-consciously obscure plot mechanics , medem keeps you off-balance and intrigued . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is a film living far too much in its own head . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 all of the filmmakers' calculations can't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as well as a study of mepe's demise ; an american made dam that stopped the flow of the river which fishermen depended on for survival . 
OBJECTIVE:1 finally , he gets an offer to make a big film . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 holm . . . embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma . 
OBJECTIVE:1 his attempt at becoming a lefty leads to an interesting turn of events which suggest that he may be at the start of a never-ending cycle . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 with wit and empathy to spare , waydowntown acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters' striving solipsism . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 chaotic , self-indulgent and remarkably ugly to look at , it's . . . like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the script , like the character danny , is complex and needs your attention . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further . i'm left slightly disappointed that it didn't . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the documentary will combine an interview with mr . mcnamara discussing some of the tragedies and glories of the 20th century , archival footage , documents , and an original score by philip glass . 
OBJECTIVE:1 horace and colt , a fifty-something married couple , are divided - they have lost the key , to their room and to each other . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he forgets most things after only a few minutes . 
OBJECTIVE:1 fedot the shooter is sent by the czar to find some special food for the foreighn ambassador's visit . 
OBJECTIVE:1 mike sullivan ( tom hanks ) works as a hit man for crime boss john rooney ( paul newman ) sullivan views rooney as a father figure . 
OBJECTIVE:1 former criminal investigator , major korenev , nicknamed fox is released from prison . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 zhang . . . has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 often moving and explores the discomfort inherent in the contacts between the american 'hosts' and their 'guests . '
OBJECTIVE:1 john roper , ( bruce mathews ) a disillusioned vietnam vet and ex-drug dealer travels through the orient to get spiritual . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when kanna comes back from nagpur both the persons he loved the most rupi and ghisu are not there for him . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after a decade of hidden feelings , divorces and failed relationships , they both finally reveal their true feelings for one another - to find out they both are in love with the other . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 while it doesn't expose any new truths about the problems posed by reaching middle age , it reflects wisely on the truths that already exist . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 morton is a great actress portraying a complex character , but morvern callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the third , roger corman , flees to the alien countryside where he decides to begin a violent quest to find out the truth behind his mission . 
OBJECTIVE:1 while grieving along with her parents and drawn into legal issues presented by a district attorney seeking justice for the family , he finds himself falling in love with another woman , against his own best intentions . 
OBJECTIVE:1 then the unthinkable happens : a nuclear bomb explodes in a u . s . city , and america is quick to blame the russians . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after loosing his wife and kids , his life encounters another pitfall when mitch's accounting client , donny diamond ( john capadice ) , a former pro-football player , accuses mitch of embezzelment and hires a couple of thugs to murder him . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart , amari's film falls short in building the drama of lilia's journey . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 elaborate special effects take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side . 
OBJECTIVE:1 tom twyker ( director of 'run lola run' ) helms this kieslowski tale about love , retribution and redemption . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but emile's past is sometimes more familiar and immediate than the world before his eyes . 
OBJECTIVE:1 quebec bill bonhomme , a hardy schemer and indefatigable optimist , tries desperate to raise money to preserve his endangered herd through the rapidly approaching winter . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 monte cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life . 
OBJECTIVE:1 warren is the outrageous gay hairdresser , alex the shy assistant , steven - the smarmy client and gary , the photographer on the verge of a nervous breakdown . 
OBJECTIVE:1 an inexplicable crack in the pyrenees mountains provokes excitement and scientific curiosity . 
OBJECTIVE:1 her husband was the love of her life and she does not expect to find another . 
OBJECTIVE:1 unlike the rest , she didn't vanish forever from history . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story
SUBJECTIVE:0 …the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it's still a rollicking good time for the most part . 
OBJECTIVE:1 emma's a succesful sale agent for a home security company , due in part to being the police chief's daughter . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when young , virginal caroline ( misty mundae ) learns of her mother's death in paris , she travels to the city of lights for the funeral . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in cinemania , hollywood's biggest fans become the true stars . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the security housing unit houses the hardest criminals inside marquezas prison , located in the swamps of mexico's state of cormelos . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 leading a double life in an american film only comes to no good , but not here . matters play out realistically if not always fairly . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . " bowling for columbine " remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 soon , he finds that his fellow patients are being murdered one by one . 
OBJECTIVE:1 women craved him and men wanted to be him . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an entertaining and poignantly bittersweet take-down of a good man's midlife crisis . 
OBJECTIVE:1 mike's aunt soon opens her home to steve as well , and the two celebrate their good fortune at having the opportunity to get their lives on track . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when times are tough , peter discovers his next door neighbor might be the real santa claus . 
OBJECTIVE:1 now a chinese guy throws a monkey wrench into their plans . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 with " ichi the killer " , takashi miike , japan's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 and slowly but surely , the dim-witted duo begin to realise this . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 though tom shadyac's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance . 
OBJECTIVE:1 mitchell takes the gun to t-mon , a pimp who lives in a modern age opium den : pillows , candles , opium , and ho's . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers . 
OBJECTIVE:1 vince finally arrives at the cemetery the following day . 
OBJECTIVE:1 although rampant unemployment , alcoholism and domestic violence are the norm for many reservation inhabitants , rudy has largely escaped this cycle of despair . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in questioning the election process , payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box . 
OBJECTIVE:1 god responds to his challenge and allows bruce to take on his powers to prove himself . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 gives you the steady pulse of life in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who , in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude , knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a fish-out-of-water comedy about a talented street drummer from harlem who enrolls in a southern university , expecting to lead its marching band's drumline to victory . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking . 
OBJECTIVE:1 april's shower is a comedy about love , romance and expectation . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably won't see the next six . 
OBJECTIVE:1 mr . stiles has an ulterior motive however , and has enlisted possum lake's sheriff ( darren frost ) and deputy ( melissa dimarco ) to help prevent the lodge from coming up with money to pay the fine . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he talks in her voice at the dinner table and wears her fur coat to bed . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c . h . o . still feels like a promising work-in-progress . 
OBJECTIVE:1 max is surrounded by treachery and can trust no one , including natalie , the dangerously beautiful cia agent assigned to watch over him . 
OBJECTIVE:1 jolynn is convinced her clock is ticking and is dead set on making dave hear it--and on making dave do the laundry . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 to honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed . 
OBJECTIVE:1 joe is beaten up by some of johnny's buddies as a sign to leave him alone , and with this final act of freedom , johnny leaves the world of pool-sharking . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i've ever seen . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they are living eye-witnesses of the end of an era : 800 years of the death penalty in europe . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 funny and , at times , poignant , the film from director george hickenlooper all takes place in pasadena , " a city where people still read . " 
SUBJECTIVE:0 though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it weren't true . this is the stuff that disney movies are made of . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an unusual and compelling chinese film about the loving interventions of a father and mother whose oldest son is a drug addict . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 fans can rejoice that mr . deeds is a close third behind happy gilmore and the wedding singer on sandler's list of quality credits . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ethan fernier is obsessed with the horror movies of b-movie director , winston korman . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a dark and quirky comedy set in an eccentric north london jewish old age home , paradise grove revolves around a dysfunctional family comprising 79-year-old izzie goldberg , determined to die with dignity , his daughter dee perry , a mixture of traditional jewish mother and child of the sixties , and her teenage son keith , who's half-black and half-jewish , and understandably undergoing an identity crisis . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals . 
OBJECTIVE:1 immigrant worker tobias horvath gets up at 5 : 00 a . m . , washes , shaves , has some breakfast , and runs to the main square . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a bonanza of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist's career . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . this isn't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels . 
OBJECTIVE:1 while introducing his film mockery , he receives a phone call from his producer lying in intensive care at a hospital . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 despite the film's shortcomings , it's still a solid effort and a thought-provoking look at idealism gone wrong . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she finds out that the truth about both her parents is very revealing , shocking at times , but comes to terms with her past . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the journey to the secret's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the latest vapid actor's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler's reigen . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape . 
OBJECTIVE:1 salvation comes in the form of their american landlord simon cotton ( henry thomas ) and his brother neil ( marc blucas ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 nearly 75 years after the fact , the matter still hasn't given up all its secrets , but denis' film comes close to a definitive , deeply disturbing account . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one of [jaglom's] better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there are wonderful moments of humor , and demonstrations of humanity , strength , and the resilience of the human spirit . 
OBJECTIVE:1 differences spark interest , though , as charly finds depth in sam's idealism and sam seeks the vibrance of charly's joie de vivre . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a depressingly retrograde , 'post-feminist' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ferrara's strongest and most touching movie of recent years . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they both fall in love , but they must fight against everyone , specially renata's rich parents , who want to stop their love by sending her to canada . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film is itself a sort of cinematic high crime , one that brings military courtroom dramas down very , very low . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in a strange way , egoyan has done too much . he's worked too hard on this movie . 
OBJECTIVE:1 real escape , however , may be a goal beyond possibility . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the war of the ring has now begun . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's like every bad idea that's ever gone into an after-school special compiled in one place , minus those daytime programs' slickness and sophistication ( and who knew they even had any ? ) . 
OBJECTIVE:1 james clayton ( farrell ) might not have the attitude of a typical recruit , but he is one of the smartest graduating seniors in the country - and he's just the person that walter burke ( pacino ) wants in the agency . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but then there came toni , an intriguing photographer that seemed to see inside his soul . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a perfectly acceptable , perfectly bland , competently acted but by no means scary horror movie . 
OBJECTIVE:1 lesson to be learned : never , never mess with " the gay mafia ! " 
OBJECTIVE:1 but , sometimes what we teach our children can be as deadly as not teaching them . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the cold and dreary weather is a perfect metaphor for the movie itself , which contains few laughs and not much drama . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as blunt as it is in depicting child abuse , el bola is a movie steeped in an ambiguity that lends its conflicts a symbolic resonance . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but kang tacks on three or four more endings . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he naively muddles through an underworld of illegal immigrants , immigration lawyers and the ins , and the love of an american girl of indian origin . 
OBJECTIVE:1 will these four be able to move on with their lives and accept the fact that it's time to start acting their age ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as the days count down , francis comes face to face with his own fear of failure and the spectre of selling out his dreams . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what it lacks in originality it makes up for in intelligence and b-grade stylishness . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 imagine a scenario where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson's far side humor
OBJECTIVE:1 during the course of the night each of the friends comes to terms with their lives and relationships and how they are not whom they thought each other was . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a voice which seems to be coming from within the walls . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director's experiment is a successful one . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he moves around the urban landscape from park bench to bus bench with his best friend , an aging dog named bones . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 exploits [headbanger] stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i'm not sure could be a single iota worse . . . a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , eight crazy nights is a total misfire . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the movie introduces us to frankie ( played by david eigenberg ) a would-be romeo who will put himself though great pains to find his juliet . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 beautifully written and directed and packed with excellent performances . 
OBJECTIVE:1 today the mighty trident ssbns form a deterrent shield for the united states . 
OBJECTIVE:1 just before easter 2001 , a semi-trailer loaded with 40 , 000 bottles of beer crashed into the tweed river on the out skirts of the northern new south wales town of murwillumbah ( known as " murbah " to the locals ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's a movie -- and an album -- you won't want to miss . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a dark psychological drama , i love your work explores the pressures of fame and the difference between getting what you want and wanting what you get . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable . 
OBJECTIVE:1 throughout nearly a decade she experiences forbidden love , religion , near-death experiences , drugs , starvation , and how it feels to be loved . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the eccentric stories of a free spirited couple , the husband's brother , a basket ball game , a bookie named dutch , two sinister , corrupt twins conniving over a faberge' egg for their wife's anniversary , a business is business hit-man , and an ex-con that has nothing to do with this story . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you've been sitting still . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 even if the ride's a little bumpy , with a final lap that's all too suspiciously smooth , you gotta give director roger michell , best known for the superfluous notting hill , credit for trying . 
OBJECTIVE:1 at the same time , there are rumors that the romulans are ready to begin peace talks with the federation . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 while the film really doesn't have anything new to say , it's still thoughtful and well-crafted . 
OBJECTIVE:1 knowing that the legend of the temple describes ancient mystical music as the key to unlock its secrets , jake enlists the help of samantha " sam " kincaid , an expert musicologist . 
OBJECTIVE:1 nine good teeth reveals many of the common truths hidden away in all our families , as well as the unexpected - late night visits from jack kerouac , illicit love affairs and the occasional murder . 
OBJECTIVE:1 yet , one rare pok&#233 ; mon isn't safe without help from another - thus enters suicune , a . k . a . the north wind . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she claims he is distant and has shut her out . 
OBJECTIVE:1 adam sandler invites you to share some holiday cheer in the new , no-holds-barred musical comedy adam sandler's 8 crazy nights . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he is an aspiring writer struggling with these : endless nights marked by creative block , memories of a childhood rotten with abuse , and the thirst of unspeakable sexual desires . 
OBJECTIVE:1 josh also gets fixated on sex , though he has no clear idea what it's all about , and in particular on nadine ; to mike's chagrin , she seems more interested in josh than in him . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in a classic homage to chinese martial arts films , he is involved in intense hand to hand combat including sword fighting , guns , car chases , and other ingenious forms of fighting to mame and kill these tong members . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 amazing ? not quite . but this film sure is lovely . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she wants a new relationship with an old lover who wrote her a love note years ago . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language . 
OBJECTIVE:1 to help things out , lena hires boey , an expert on babies , to join the team . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 . cinematic poetry showcases the city's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker's characteristic style . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but when she escapes a horrific car accident , she finds herself in death's path of destruction . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when fowler introduces pyle to his beautiful young vietnamese mistress phuong ( hai yen ) the three become swept up in a tempestuous love triangle that leads to a series of startling revelations and finally - murder . 
OBJECTIVE:1 four characters are carried over , the first sergeant , the clerk , the mess sergent , and the misfit . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's too long , too repetitive , and takes way too many years to resolve to be a total winner . 
OBJECTIVE:1 set in 1898 sudan , this fifth film to be adapted from the a . e . w . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he has all the kit but none of the skill , and he's a laughing stock at school . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but even more important than that , it is an emotional story of a character who learns to value relationships , life balance and spiritual purpose , over self-involvement and financial gain . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 <em>the crocodile hunter : collision course</em> is one of the most unusual movies i've ever seen , but it remains faithful to irwin's appeal , and therefore it works . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a hitchcockian thriller in the spirit of 'rope' and agatha christie's 'ten little indians' that begs the question can murder , if done well , be considered art ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 but what exactly is good &#38 ; what exactly is evil ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as with too many studio pics , plot mechanics get in the way of what should be the lighter-than-air adventure . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 adaptation's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the 1800's there was a woman that little children would take their old teeth ( ones they had recently lost ) to in exchange for a gold coin . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother/daughter relationship . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ajileo journeys from his home in zapotitlan de salinas , a village in southern mexico , makes a perilious border crossing through the desert , and comes to hollywood , where everything and nothing is as he dreamed it would be . 
OBJECTIVE:1 according to eric and ami's passive-aggressive mother who refuses to accept that her daughter is an adult ( jessica walters ) , that answer is " yes " . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action , but minority report delivers all that and a whole lot more . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when the president of russia suddenly dies , a man whose politics are virtually unknown succeeds him . 
OBJECTIVE:1 john connor ( nick stahl ) is living in the streets as a hacker . 
OBJECTIVE:1 lilo is a 5 year old hawaiian girl who's quite peculiar : she has an off beat take on life and is a little obsessed about taking care of downtrodden animals . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after several fruitless attempts to sell the car , shirley dumps johnny , who has hopelessly fallen in love with her . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 harmless entertainment for kids and just smart enough to appeal to parents . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the latter part of the film examines the forces both political and religious , that led to otte's unusual appointment . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as a result , sarah embarks upon a journey of discovery that leads to danger , heartbreak and romance in the far corners of the world . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 despite the authenticity of the trappings , the film is overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 scenes in which the band grooves with modern musicians montell jordan and joan osborne singing covers are spectacular . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as obi-wan's investigations lead him to kamino , he finds a massive clone army being produced , with a bounty hunter - the last of the mandalorians - named jango fett as the master clone . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [reynolds] takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events . those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein's life would do better elsewhere . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a week or so later the lapd is tipped off about his whereabouts and they break down the door of the seedy motel room that he's hiding out in and throw him in la county's celebrity wing . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but the reverie was broken when his family sent devdas to london for education . 
OBJECTIVE:1 big-shot executive robert stiles' car is damaged when parked at the lodge . 
OBJECTIVE:1 meanwhile , assistant chief holland , the only man in the department willing to stand up to the sis , threatens to end perry's brand of singlehanded " justice " on the los angeles streets . 
OBJECTIVE:1 warren schmidt ( nicholson ) is forced to deal with an ambiguous future as he enters retirement . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended . 
OBJECTIVE:1 one thursday evening , their disagreements reach a fever pitch - anna is incensed that her mother doesn't support her musical aspirations and tess , a widow about to remarry , can't see why anna won't give her fiance ( mark harmon ) a break . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as the day unfolds , the decisions become clearer and yet more difficult to make as the characters question what the true meaning of their lives are . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the stripped-down approach does give the film a certain timeless quality , but the measured pace and lack of dramatic inflection can also seem tedious . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he trades his grandmother's only treasure for a video game ; he throws his food and he throws tantrums . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a steroid of sorts , it drives whoever takes the drugs to kill . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when a harvard-educated cia agent is killed during an operation , the secret agency recruits his twin brother ( chris rock ) , an african-american street-wise hustler with no idea what's coming for him . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this charmless nonsense ensues amid clanging film references that make jay and silent bob's excellent adventure seem understated . 
OBJECTIVE:1 heart-stopping talent doesn't seem to be enough when your parents want you to hang up your football boots , find a nice boyfriend and learn to cook the perfect chapatti . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 even when he's not at his most critically insightful , godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work . 
OBJECTIVE:1 daphne must attempt to fit in with the social requirements demanded of her , while also getting to know her father , dealing with his territorial other daughter , and maintaining her own self-identity . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it is her destiny to sing in the movies a final wish before the afterlife . 
OBJECTIVE:1 meanwhile , wolverine heads north to investigate his past . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it is a story about love , passion , addiction , brillance and the ignorance of greed . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 has its moments -- and almost as many subplots . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a crackerjack genre piece ; what panic room aims for it accomplishes with deadly precision and edge-of-your-seat mastery . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence . 
OBJECTIVE:1 one day , a girl walks into his store , who looks like larry's lost love from morocco . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 such a good-looking picture deserved to have more depth and unpredictability in its story . but it does stand out as a personal and unique entry in a time-worn genre , and that may be good enough . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . a visually pleasing , imaginative entertainment for the family audience . 
OBJECTIVE:1 14-year-old meredith attempts to maintain a religious vow of silence during a thanksgiving dinner with her agnostic family . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . there is enough originality in 'life' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens . 
OBJECTIVE:1 pero alargando la mano ya no consiguen dinero suficiente y salva decide aprovechar el ambiente general y hacerse pasar por un nuevo mes&#237 ; as . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when a ship sinks off the coast of argentina , ellen brachman , a clever and ambitious claims assessor for the rotterdam marine-insurance company european hayward , suspects a 'sinker' . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 not one moment in the enterprise didn't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 without blowing the jokes we can say that , if you have found that your sense of humor fit well with christopher guest's screen outings , you'll find yourself in the flow with shearer as well . 
OBJECTIVE:1 armed with a bag of money and mysterious martial arts skills , with marie by his side , bourne scours paris for clues about his identity and past life . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 trailer park magnolia : too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's like a rap rashomon . there's a million different stories here . 
OBJECTIVE:1 will raja be able to convince the doctor and munnabhai about his love ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments . 
OBJECTIVE:1 'arroz con mango' is a spanish phrase which means 'what a mess ! ' 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan . make chan's action sequences boring . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he dies alone at the hospital , and apparently everything nete planned went wrong . 
OBJECTIVE:1 within four months the couple realize that they are incompatible , they divorce and amir emigrates back to germany . 
OBJECTIVE:1 secrets of robert's past start to emerge as he unleashes his awesome martial arts fighting abilities to defend himself and his wife . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it all drags on so interminably it's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time . 
OBJECTIVE:1 and could going through with it destroy their marriages and friendships ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the end , will extreme dating lead to true love ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 the only thing that can help him is a very expensive operation , an operation their family can in no way afford . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 director robert rodriguez has once again caught lightning in a bottle . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i didn't find much fascination in the swinging . what they're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge . but that they are doing it is thought-provoking . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ritchie's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller's polemical allegory , but it's self-defeatingly decorous . 
OBJECTIVE:1 at the end of the second world war , 38 year-old career soldier gian singh resigns his commission with the british indian army and returns to his childhood village , near the border with pakistan . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he has been hired by an american known only as " wall street " ( see rule two ) to make a delivery , but when frank stops along route , he notices his " package " is moving . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the last 6 weeks have been spent trying to " get out " of the relationship . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a thoroughly awful movie--dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy . . . a weird amalgam of 'the thing' and a geriatric 'scream . '
SUBJECTIVE:0 miyazaki's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it's " best in show " meets " strictly ballroom " via " kids in the hall " . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad . 
OBJECTIVE:1 boromir ( sean bean ) is dead , frodo baggins ( elijah wood ) and samwise gamgee ( sean astin ) have gone to mordor alone to destroy the one ring , merry ( dominic monaghan ) and pippin ( billy boyd ) have been captured by the uruk-hai , and aragorn ( viggo mortensen ) , legolas ( orlando bloom ) , and gimli ( john rhys-davies ) have made friends of the rohan , a race of humans that are in the path of the upcoming war , led by its aging king , th&#233 ; oden ( bernard hill ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 hitch would enjoy the way chabrol plays with the audience ( including the expertly interwoven lizt requiem ) 
OBJECTIVE:1 heidi , now living in tennessee - a married woman with kids - had always dreamt of a joyful reunion . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he fails to win eve's heart and is consequently dejected . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter , silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls . 
OBJECTIVE:1 unfortunately the third seems out of reach - the beautiful , seductive anne elise . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 smith profiles five extraordinary american homes , and because the owners seem fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame , it's a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . the one thing this wild film has that other imax films don't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house . that's fun for kids of any age . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
OBJECTIVE:1 fbi agent will graham has been called out of early retirement to catch a serial killer , known by authorities as " the tooth fairy " . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the only way to find out though what really happened is to enter the site itself . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he throws a book and as soon as it lands it's back where he picked it up . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 another big , dumb action movie in the vein of xxx , the transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black bmw through . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the real charm of this trifle is the deadpan comic face of its star , jean reno , who resembles sly stallone in a hot sake half-sleep . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 mike leigh mainstay timothy spall deftly shades in the designated goner , fellow still crazy alum bill nighy is sweetly wispy as the capable fop , and anger-management counselor olivia williams trembles pleasantly as usual . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she ultimately decides to pursue her lifelong dream of opening her own dance studio for inner-city youths . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they create a new day care facility called " daddy day care " and have kids like : the smart-mouthed-but-became-polite crispin ( shane baumel ) , the really-smart becca ( hailey noelle johnson ) , and the flash/tony ( jimmy bennett ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 together writer-director danny verete's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film , staged among some of the western art tradition's greatest masterpieces , climaxes in a pageant of color , motion , and music . 
OBJECTIVE:1 will graham must risk his family's security and his own safety to track down this one last murderer - the epitome of all evil - the red dragon . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is the first full scale wwii flick from hong kong's john woo . he's not good with people . 
OBJECTIVE:1 uncompromising in his work , sullivan is just as devoted to his private life as an upstanding husband and father of two young boys . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , 'if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '
OBJECTIVE:1 gus sits on the sofa and talks about being the world's oldest pothead , who started smoking in 1936 . 
OBJECTIVE:1 tragedy strikes , and eve learns her childhood friend arman is killed in armenia , transforming her dreams to nightmares . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the results of the gene therapy are passed on to his son bruce . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 provide[s] nail-biting suspense and credible characters without relying on technology-of-the-moment technique or pretentious dialogue . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a ragbag of promising ideas and failed narrative , of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking . 
OBJECTIVE:1 however , when a search sets in , the people of dogville demand a better deal in exchange for the risk of harbouring poor grace and she learns the hard way that in this town , goodness is relative . 
OBJECTIVE:1 given the circumstances , kyle might have been acquitted on the grounds of temporary insanity or perhaps even convicted of the lesser charge of manslaughter , but the fact that a federal policeman was also killed in the shooting , albeit accidentally , sent kyle to marquezas . 
OBJECTIVE:1 japanese animation - or 'anime' for those in the know - boasts one of the fastest growing fan bases in the entertainment industry , as evidenced by returns in the neighborhood of $65 million per year . 
OBJECTIVE:1 joseph just broke up with his girlfriend and is not taking it very well . 
OBJECTIVE:1 kay has since returned to the comforts of civilian life while jay continues to work for the men in black , the highly funded yet unofficial government agency that regulates all things alien on earth . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 while the subject's appeal is limited and the film's 106-minute running time excessive , viewers who do respond to the pic will find it raw , real and cathartic . 
OBJECTIVE:1 nine year old brian billings has been diagnosed with an acute fear of the dark . 
OBJECTIVE:1 fresh out of prison , dara is on a mission to scatter her mother's ashes in lake superior . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when she arrives , mademoiselle c , with her never ending imagination , will accomplish a true revolution in the elementary school and especially in the group 6d . 
OBJECTIVE:1 one boy needs to avenge the death of his father . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 so we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter's the thing and loaded with actors you're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat . 
OBJECTIVE:1 however , love conquers all and . . . a close group of friends return to their hometown to face the reality of how their friendships and promises have altered and dissipated . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 stephen rea , aidan quinn , and alan bates play desmond's legal eagles , and when joined by brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , 'tis . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish . 
OBJECTIVE:1 and yet , amid the overwhelming destitution and the daily quest for survival , the desire for joy , beauty and music is still alive . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 takes us on a journey toward self-awareness that is both deadpan hilarious and profoundly moving . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 turns out to be much more complex than the originally released gem . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . the movie just might be worth a rental if only for the sight of watching christopher walken belt out a musical number using only his hand and his armpit . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in america in 2002 . but hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when they get there , strange happenings invade the school . 
OBJECTIVE:1 frank's newest transport seems no different from the countless ones he's done in the past . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it never hurts to have the aid of a mind-reading squirrel - too bad adam doesn't know any ! 
SUBJECTIVE:0 morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema . 
OBJECTIVE:1 nikola , the director , and his friends have to make the choice - whether to compromise with their consciences and their art , ( as normally happens here in the balkans ) , or whether to preserve katerina's message . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 slackers' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 undisputed is undeniable fun , thanks to its rugged rock pile of attitude , bravado and fisticuffs . 
OBJECTIVE:1 gary oldman plays as a dwarf brother to a normal-sized matthew mcconaughey . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's the kind of film where the villain even gives an evil look for his passport photo . how can you resist that ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 bold , imaginative , rational and persuasive an account of the lethally dangerous world we live in , the sum of all fears is an international spy drama with visceral impact . 
OBJECTIVE:1 while felice eventially convinces sam that she's his long-lost and thought-to-be-dead sister , she doesn't succeed in convincing him that the fbi is after him for past crimes . 
OBJECTIVE:1 terri ( eve ) is a hard-edged woman who can't seem to leave her two-timing boyfriend . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a corrupt cia agent ( johnny depp ) who at that time , demands retribution from his worst enemy to carry out the drug lord's uprising against the government . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 watching " ending " is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor's garage sale . you can't believe anyone would really buy this stuff . 
OBJECTIVE:1 for daredevil justice is blind--and for the guilty , there's hell to pay . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 while it's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records ( sugar hill gang , etc . ) , the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana can alienate even the savviest audiences . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an occasionally funny , but overall limp , fish-out-of-water story . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she knows that kanna is back but now she does not want to go back to him . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the girls are treated like outcasts because they have inadvertently wrecked townsville in a superpowered game of tag . 
OBJECTIVE:1 daphne , a seventeen-year-old girl from new york goes to england in search of her father , who does not know he had a child with an american girlfriend he met while working in morocco , and whose aristocratic family did not approve of the woman . 
OBJECTIVE:1 along the way , he meets a long line of interesting and colorful characters , while back at home , ada is learning the ropes of managing her deceased father's farm with ruby ( renee zellweger ) , a scrappy drifter who assists and teaches ada along the way . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 moretti . . . is the rare common-man artist who's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 . 
OBJECTIVE:1 young juan antonio has been challenged to defend the honor of the beautiful yet devilish carmen , by se&#241 ; or maximiliano , a decorated military officer who has just returned from the spanish-american war . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 improves when it takes a more serious tone and zaza and judith develop into deeper characterizations . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an interesting , if not entirely successful , biography of two extraordinary personalities . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor . 
OBJECTIVE:1 her harrowing story ends in victory , but she has not forgotten the thousands of asylum seekers who remain in detention today . 
OBJECTIVE:1 friday after next takes place back in the hood during the christmas season , craig and day-day are now living in a rundown apartment . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as a movie , it never seems fresh and vital . it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people . it labours as storytelling . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 director dirk shafer and co-writer greg hinton ride the dubious divide where gay porn reaches for serious drama . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but at one point finch and stifler put their differences aside and hold a huge party for jim , the night before his wedding . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the burial society , sheldon kasner , an unlikely criminal who works as a bank loan manager , infiltrates the mysterious world of the chevrah kadisha ( the jewish society that prepares bodies for burial according to ancient ritual ) in order to steal a body and fake his own death after mobsters come after him looking for two million dollars that he is accused of having stolen . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 worth watching for dong jie's performance -- and for the way it documents a culture in the throes of rapid change . 
OBJECTIVE:1 what he doesn't know , however , is that syd has a tragic secret . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve . 
OBJECTIVE:1 however both amerika and zed get more than they bargained for when the carpet cleaners carry out their diabolical plan . 
OBJECTIVE:1 josh ( anthony michael hall ) is one of those guys who can't navigate the shallow ny singles scene . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the new version isn't just endless . it heightens the deeply conservative spirit of giuseppe tornatore's fable in a surprising new way . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 jacquot's rendering of puccini's tale of devotion and double-cross is more than just a filmed opera . in his first stab at the form , jacquot takes a slightly anarchic approach that works only sporadically . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a real step forward for the digital video revolution . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 has just enough charm ( not to mention a sense of its own ridiculousness ) to stay afloat . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it is a journey that will take both carol and charlie to the edge of reality and force carol to face up to her terrifying destiny . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a bad and bloody gang war is about to erupt on the dysfunctional streets of brooklyn . 
OBJECTIVE:1 sent to a german stalag prison camp , lieutenant hart is at once thrust into the social order of pows , where every man thinks of himself first with bribery and trading with german captors commonplace . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 …an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle . 
OBJECTIVE:1 dr . siddharth sinha ( amitabh bachchan ) , a philanthropist and a dedicated surgeon who has devoted his life to build a state-of-the-art hospital to treat the underprivileged patients . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she trails the couch through a quirky landscape populated by hasidim in brooklyn , holocaust survivors and ex-communists in hungary , and , finally , the next generation of formerly-hasidic jews on the margins of their communities in new york and israel . 
OBJECTIVE:1 and yet , as we discover , these kids are smarter than their actions would let on . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is as lax and limp a comedy as i've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material . 
OBJECTIVE:1 based on the gruesome novella clive barker wrote especially for todd mcfarlane's disturbing action figure line , tortured souls is the story of six cenobite-like creatures : agonistes , a transformer of people into monsters who may be a creation of god ; the scyther-meister , an assassin created by agonistes to bring a corrupt empire to its knees ; lucidique , the daughter of a slain senator who is strangely falling in love with the scythe-meister ; talisac , a twisted doctor who has impregnated and attached himself to a strange machine ; venal anatomica , a hulking assassin with an inhuman bloodlust ; and mongroid , talisac's soon-to-be born child with a huge mouth in his stomach . 
OBJECTIVE:1 nete's father becomes bitter and introvert , but nete insists that he come to live with her and her family the few weeks he has left . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
OBJECTIVE:1 now , after having an encounter with a hollywood producer who got lost in virgil grove , is asked if he would like to come back to hollywood to direct a feature movie . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 offers a pleasant , challenging and quirky puzzle well worth working out . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when danny's beloved grandfather dies , does his greed overcome his love ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 unaware she is the object of his affection , frankie is in for a big surprise when she shows up after work with mervin ( keith david ) on her arm . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed 'surprises . '
OBJECTIVE:1 beary , a young bear raised by a human family in a world where humans and talking bears coexist , attempts to trace his roots . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film culminates with the band's arrival on the u . s . stage at wolf trap national park . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the couch - considered holy because certain hasidic rabbis had slept on it - survived wwii and is in the filmmaker's great grandfather's house in rohod , a northeast hungarian town . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in a final game , johnathan and his team have to fight for mere survival against their real opponent - their boss alexi petrovich . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but what makes lucky dangerous is his ability to get inside mudd's head and turn him into a serial killer . 
OBJECTIVE:1 roxie hart is a married chorus girl with hopes of being a headliner in vaudeville . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a peruvian film that tells the story of the bank robberies' legend , orlando gonz&#225 ; les best known as django . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 testud is the burning center of a clinically dispassionate film . 
OBJECTIVE:1 there starts a dangerous game where the two teenagers that graham is protecting will be implied . 
OBJECTIVE:1 culled from nearly two years of filming , the documentary's candid interviews , lyric moments of grim beauty , and powerful verite footage takes us beyond the usual stereotypes of the rap world and into the life of tislam milliner , a struggling rapper who's ambitious to make it out of the " hood " . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the planet however is populated by murderous psychopaths who kill two of the astronauts right away . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but when the substitute institutes some strange redefinitions of naughty and nice , putting christmas at risk , it's up to scott to return with a new bag of magic to try to save christmas . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this is the true story of real ira bombers during the peak of the troubles in northern ireland , 1981 . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the visionary quest begins on the operating table , where a surgeon grafts a prototype ocular implant into his eye socket . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it's propelled by the acting . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but jonah . . . never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this night will expose all of the hidden nuances that each of the friends carry , forever changing their lives and how they view one another . 
OBJECTIVE:1 spielrein was a young russian-jewish woman of 18 when she arrived in august 1904 at the burgh&#246 ; lzli clinic in zurich where carl gustav jung had set up shop . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . captures the pain and desperation of adolescent powerlessness and humiliation with powerful intimacy . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one can't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney's latest album . 
OBJECTIVE:1 barry egan ( adam sandler ) is a small business owner with seven sisters whose abuse has kept him alone and unable to fall in love . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this romantic thriller is steeped in the atmosphere of wartime england , and ably captures the speech patterns , moral codes and ideals of the 1940s . 
OBJECTIVE:1 graffiti removal has subverted the common obstacles blocking creative expression and become one of the more intriguing and important art movements of our time . 
OBJECTIVE:1 chomsky's voice may be unpopular , but his incisive arguments , based on decades of research and analysis , are heard and considered in this chronicle comprised of interview footage , and various talks he's given . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a delightful fable about the enduring value of literature . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a lousy movie that's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable . 
OBJECTIVE:1 however , none of the events of either stories crossover or effect the other in any way . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [city] reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of 'analyze this' ( 1999 ) and 'analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it becomes a harder choice than one might think . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in the end , we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love , chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 you might say tykwer has done all that heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-kieslowski a pun as possible . suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as a result of one of his liaisons , he meets marcus , an odd 12-year-old boy with problems at school . 
OBJECTIVE:1 nsa agent gibbons ( samuel l . jackson ) forces xxx to cooperate with the government to infiltrate an underground russian crime ring and avoid going to prison . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he is increasingly tormented by his conscience as the new order of the day is revealed . 
OBJECTIVE:1 if you go to attic town you'll find a place where the streets have no names and you can never turn back . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you're on the edge of your seat . 
OBJECTIVE:1 werner , a sniper and ex-legionnaire , presently a mercenary , who has seen it all , from angola to sarajevo . 
OBJECTIVE:1 john holmes was considered the link between eddie nash and the home in which the massacre took place . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the result puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally couldn't care less . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 once the downward spiral comes to pass , auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as directed by dani kouyate of burkina faso , sia lacks visual flair . but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but someone breaks the link before they have finished and now a demon is trapped in their world and the only way to banish it , is for all the people who summoned it to die . 
OBJECTIVE:1 told in five parts to represent each of the five senses , the sheltered 25-year-old learns to understand his own senses and those around him . 
OBJECTIVE:1 contributors include : director mimi leder , editor anne v . coates , producer gail katz and director claudia weill . 
OBJECTIVE:1 toledo awaits on the street for the exit of ana's lover ( gustavo garz&#243 ; n ) and begins a one-of-a-kind persecution-investigation that will last the whole night , to find out , before confronting him , who is that man and where did he meet ana . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 though shiri's eruptions of violence , mayhem and gunplay are every bit as kinetic and dazzling as anything generated in hong kong or hollywood , the film's primary focus is always on its characters . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in this cinematic concert , mesmerizing images are plucked from everyday reality , then visually altered with state-of-the-art digital techniques . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in flashbacks that parallel his investigation , we see alicia , a scholarship girl worried about her grades , gradually pulled into the social life of three rich and amoral young women , led by the blond hadley , a femme fatale . 
OBJECTIVE:1 jenny even turns to the flower girl - who isn't much help . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a rather odd thing has just just occurred in the life of nerdy high school student peter parker ; after being bitten by a radioactive spider , his body chemistry is mutagenically altered in that he can scale walls and ceilings , and he develops a " spider-sense " that warns him of approaching danger . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the girls want to do a girly pop song , and the entire jury panel consist of muslim boys ! 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a respectable venture on its own terms , lacking the broader vision that has seen certain trek films . . . cross over to a more mainstream audience . 
OBJECTIVE:1 terry and dean are lifelong friends who have grown-up together : shotgunning their first beers , forming their first garage band , and growing the great canadian mullet known as " hockey hair " . 
OBJECTIVE:1 set in the los angeles police department in april 1992 , dark blue is a dramatic thriller that takes place just days before the acquittal of four white officers in the beating of black motorist rodney king and the subsequent l . a . riots . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 solid . isn't as groundbreaking as shiri , but has its moments . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 more impressionistic than analytical , a grin without a cat is a grand immersion . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 once she lets her love depraved leads meet , [denis'] story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
SUBJECTIVE:0 a punch line without a premise , a joke built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's . . . tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film's apocalyptic urban setting and unrelentingly icy zeitgeist is message enough without a triumphant parting shot
OBJECTIVE:1 during the heist , the kids overcome high-tech security systems , guard dogs , and a nasty head of security to get to a bank vault suspended 100-feet above ground . 
OBJECTIVE:1 henk otte lives on disability with his wife and son outside of amsterdam . 
OBJECTIVE:1 lando , frustrated with isabel's conservatism and idealism , turns his attention to clara , which irked isabel . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the saturation bombing of reggio's images and glass' evocative music . . . ultimately leaves viewers with the task of divining meaning . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it takes viewers on an intimate road trip across north america - from a polyamory conference in the catskills , a swingers' convention in las vegas , to long-term multipartner families in california . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film is to be produced by jules , melina's husband . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 witty , charming , ultimately empathetic portrait of a once-upon-a-time industry titan . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that's likely to irk viewers . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a smug and convoluted action-comedy that doesn't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it's only a movie . 
OBJECTIVE:1 there are only three u . s . states left . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [kidd] can write dialogue , work skillfully with actors , and he has a pretty good handle on urban loneliness of the knowing , virulent new york city variety . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a " home alone " film that is staged like " rosemary's baby , " but is not as well-conceived as either of those films . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when a young man agrees to housesit for his boss , he thinks it'll be the perfect opportunity to get close to the woman he desperately has a crush on - his boss's daughter . 
OBJECTIVE:1 young cop kong yat hong ( karen mok ) and her partner mark are put on the case . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good . 
OBJECTIVE:1 lynn and yan shared an unspoken love in the past which is now rekindled in the open , and lynn begins to question whether she wants to continue to be an assassin . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 hoffman's performance is authentic to the core of his being . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle
OBJECTIVE:1 one day there is an ordinary row in the local saloon , but one of the trouble makers , called prosit , shows up to be baron werner amadeus von luckner . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the boy falls in love with a rich girl ( deeksha ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 let's hope -- shall we ? -- that the 'true story' by which all the queen's men is allegedly " inspired " was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what's been cobbled together onscreen . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a superbly acted and funny/gritty fable of the humanizing of one woman at the hands of the unseen forces of fate . 
OBJECTIVE:1 keith discovers a new man and a new attitude . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a charming trifle . . . a welcome return to jocular form . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but for trey segal , that dream comes at a cost . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 neil burger here succeeded in . . . making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present . 
OBJECTIVE:1 two college grads land an entry level mafia job driving a retiring don's car cross country . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost . 
OBJECTIVE:1 dildo diaries takes a lighthearted but 'probing' approach to exploring the development of sections of the texas penal code and its effects on the adult sex toy industry . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ourside the theatre roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he's well worth spending some time with . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story follows them and the people they encounter on their way to their destination . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 works both as an engaging drama and an incisive look at the difficulties facing native americans . 
OBJECTIVE:1 edgar becomes intent on laying down some new rules and turning his coddled son into someone who can take on the family farm . 
OBJECTIVE:1 her maid of honor says she's got to call off the wedding , but that proves much more difficult than expected . 
OBJECTIVE:1 prison life does not stop kilo from running his operation . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a film that loses sight of its own story . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice . 
OBJECTIVE:1 during the course of the story we follow our hero as he attempts to single-handedly save the country from falling into the hands of a despot . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she has to work in an other run down bar , with no chance to perform her songs . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after three rowdy guys get booted from their frat house , they dress up as women and pledge the " ugly girl " sorority , where they figure they'll blend right in . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious . 
OBJECTIVE:1 dori is 50 years old , actually the exact age of ben's mother . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the techno tux is good for a few laughs , as are chan and hewitt , but when such a good design turns out to be a cheap knockoff , we can't recommend anything but a rental for the tuxedo . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the story is familiar from its many predecessors ; like them , it eventually culminates in the not-exactly -stunning insight that crime doesn't pay . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 slim , otis , frank and alex ( three boys and a girl ) form a group of snowboard and skate young bank robbers . 
OBJECTIVE:1 there is a secret test hidden with in the sat . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in fact , sean has made the mistake of lending eddie $25 , 000 to cover his profligate spending . 
OBJECTIVE:1 pretty new temp irene can't help falling for graham's spontaneous charm . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is standard crime drama fare . . . instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a member of a vigilante group , fields decides to go undercover with a hidden camera and cross with a group of undocumented immigrants . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the plan's to use the school auto shop to prep two police cars , stash the drugs in secret compartments and drive away safely . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 none of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest . 
OBJECTIVE:1 thirty years ago he was a poor worker who left his girlfriend to pursuit his dream of success . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the 70-year-old godard has become , to judge from in praise of love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the only way out for johnny is to play brad , which results in a " race to nine " showdown that pits two of the greatest players against each other for large sums of money , and johnny and danny's lives . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the filmmakers skillfully evoke the sense of menace that nature holds for many urban dwellers . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a thoughtful look at a painful incident that made headlines in 1995 . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the widow falls for the brit , who pretends to be in the fishing business but is actually a professional gambler . 
OBJECTIVE:1 well , robert's not a suitable chinese girl - but is he gay ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in [the characters'] misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 lee holloway is a smart , quirky woman in her twenties who returns to her hometown in florida after a brief stay in a mental hospital . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when tony takes her on a private cruise from greece to italy , amber is unimpressed at this impromptu no-frills vacation , and takes out her anger on the ship's first mate , giuseppe ( adriano giannini ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 while the finished product is still fun , never dull and the athletes themselves remarkable , inspired and apt , the production could have been improved . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not
OBJECTIVE:1 awaking , he meets manny , a mammoth who travels to the north , and decides to follow him . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after his wife is murdered , karl loses his fire and disappears into underground munich . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 peter jackson has done the nearly impossible . he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
SUBJECTIVE:0 like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest . it can't escape its past , and it doesn't want to . 
OBJECTIVE:1 and then the teenage kim arrives out of the blue looking for shelter and work - but what is she trying to hide ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the careful compositions in the taiwanese what time is it there ? give us plenty of time to search for meaning and to wonder what the movie is trying to say . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 cho , a clarion voice of reason in an unreasonable world , has a rare comic brilliance , incisiveness and relatability . 
OBJECTIVE:1 love is a disaster for marie and her best friend liz . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 mr . soderbergh's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country . 
OBJECTIVE:1 from his first hand accounts of the ( wonderland murders aka woodland murders ) . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as he struggles to achieve social success , he discovers his darker side . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the people want to lynch him and blueberry can only just prevent that . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if you dig on david mamet's mind tricks . . . rent this movie and enjoy ! 
OBJECTIVE:1 an intense relationship drama that takes the form of a mystery , the event centers around a series of unexplained deaths that occur among the gay community in new york's fashionable chelsea district . 
OBJECTIVE:1 an aging yakuza returns to the park where he used to meet his long-lost girlfriend . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a demand for money is made and the men wait for payment . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the colorful cast of characters includes the addlepated cafe owner , freddy , picasso's sexy young femme dujour , his pompous art dealer , and a mysterious visitor from the future . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . the images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable . 
OBJECTIVE:1 with a stolen police cruiser ( the red one ) , the destructive being races towards a little and already doomed planet : earth . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i loved looking at this movie . i just didn't care as much for the story . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she's aided by her sister sue ( zhao wei ) , who operates the pair's world panorama surveillance system , which allows them to tap into any video security system in the world . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the inhospitability of the land emphasizes the spare precision of the narratives and helps to give them an atavistic power , as if they were tales that had been handed down since the beginning of time . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores , and the stars seem to be in two different movies . 
OBJECTIVE:1 gradually , will and marcus become friends , and as will teaches marcus how to be a cool kid , marcus helps will to finally grow up . 
OBJECTIVE:1 an ancient tablet found by famous british archaeologist professor hyde-white is believed to be a roadmap to the legendary lost temple of faramundi and its hidden treasures . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a few years later , tragedy struck her , first a fire in her house which caused her to not be able to go into any type of light , and then she was hanged . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a big time drug dealer victor rosa ( john leguizamo ) is looking to get out of the game and sees his chance with a big deal with a new friend who happens to be a wall st . stockbroker . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they nevertherless feel responsible to protect the flag until monday's ceremony . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you'll see del toro has brought unexpected gravity to blade ii . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a loyal british drummer , one of the thousands of british soldiers stationed in america , accidently drops his canteen into a stream while trying to fill it with water . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when siti starts her " siapa mr cinderella " show , kumin is among the hundreds of fake mr cinderella that participates in the show to collect the reward . 
OBJECTIVE:1 instead he hides out in a cave on goose creek , waging guerilla warfare against expansionism and the destruction of historic property with the help of his family , friends , and neighbors . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1  " garmento " tells the other side of the story , with a dark and satirical look at new york's wholesale garment industry , where shady deals are made for a buck and ruthlessness is a prerequisite for career success . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple — he's understated and sardonic , she's appealingly manic and energetic . both deserve better . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 maybe it's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages , but something aboul " full frontal " seems , well , contrived . 
OBJECTIVE:1 with the fbi and press in hot pursuit , she must make the hardest decision in her life . 
OBJECTIVE:1 down and out rock star dewey finn ( black ) gets fired from his band , and he faces a mountain of debts and depression . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the result is solemn and horrifying , yet strangely detached . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 judging from the strength of this superbly enigmatic film , oliveira himself seems far from ready to go home . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 by the time you reach the finale , you're likely wondering why you've been watching all this strutting and posturing . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the human stain is the story of coleman silk ( hopkins ) , a classics professor with a terrible secret that is about to shatter his life in a small new england town . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a historical epic with the courage of its convictions about both scope and detail . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the director , steven shainberg , has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the government sends in an elite military task force lead by alice ( jovovich ) and rain ( rodriguez ) to contain the virus in three hours before it escapes and infects the rest of the world . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 much of the lady and the duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the project of pre-crime , at the time being in a state of trial run , is going to be voted about in the near future . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a romantic comedy , yes , but one with characters who think and talk about their goals , and are working on hard decisions . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but melanie's past holds many secrets , including jake , the redneck husband she married in high school , who refuses to divorce her . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he tries to distract charlie any way he can . 
OBJECTIVE:1 nicholas is immediately drawn to this gruesome bobby , and begins to secretly take care of the creature . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this movie praise the right to be different and unique . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 caso você sinta necessidade de sair da sala antes do término da projeção , não se preocupe : ninguém lhe enviará penas simbolizando covardia . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . the picture's cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who doesn't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but the record industry has passed them by^&#197 ; so has the general public whose musical tastes are continually changing . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a witty and suspenseful tone poem with a magnetic isabelle huppert as a perverse , central character . 
OBJECTIVE:1 her mother , ingrid , is a beautiful , free-spirited poet . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the story is timeless , but when adapted to the modern age , it makes for a wrenching film -- never preachy or sentimental , and refreshingly non-judgmental about the fundamental and contradictory issues it raises . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the raw footage gives us an alternate insight to chaplin's classic film which started production years before adolph hitler was seen as a major threat in the western world . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story follows a year in the life of the hemples , a family that takes home schooling to an extreme - and has for generations . 
OBJECTIVE:1 nete's father does not die , his appetite comes back , the doctors begin to have doubts as to the prognosis , and nete has a problem . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a year later , strange things start to happen , as each person that was connected to the hit and run incident is being killed . . . one 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's a much more emotional journey than what shyamalan has given us in his past two movies , and gibson , stepping in for bruce willis , is the perfect actor to take us on the trip . 
OBJECTIVE:1 his appetite after the gorgeous girl wetted , he helps her out in introducing patricia to his stepdaughter katherine hiller ( carolyne ambrose ) , an artist-agent . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but he's found a way to allow him to escape . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 like mike is a harmlessly naïve slice of b-ball fantasy , fit for filling in during the real nba's off-season . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film's fly-on-the-wall technique succeeds in capturing the day-to-day existence of sister helen and the various residents of the home . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 behan himself knew how to spin a tale and one can't help but think he'd appreciate this attempt to turn his life into art . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a sumptuous showcase for ian holm , who delivers not one but two great performances . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if you're a crocodile hunter fan , you'll enjoy at least the " real " portions of the film . if you're looking for a story , don't bother . 
OBJECTIVE:1 jack , a lonely driver on a desert highway , runs out of gas . 
OBJECTIVE:1 his best friend , daria knows just what to do and invites sebastien to a dinner party to meet " the boys . " 
OBJECTIVE:1 in a reciprocal effort , celebi uses his power and transports itself and sam to the present , ash ketchum's time . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film is based on the story of a drug lord barrillo , who pretends to overthrow the mexican president . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 simone is not a bad film . it just doesn't have anything really interesting to say . 
OBJECTIVE:1 while on vacation in italy , frances mayes ( lane ) buys a villa in the tuscan countryside and decides to begin anew . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . he's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the " webcast . " 
OBJECTIVE:1 when max's performance is no competition for producers' nephews and bigger " names , " his only option is to cripple the competition - literally . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she takes a fancy to chan kwok chan , whom she stalks . 
OBJECTIVE:1 shot on wide screen digibeta , sendak with his night kitchen theater partner , arthur yorinks and pilobolus artistic directors robby barnett , michael tracy , and jonathan wolken shows us the tenacity and wit that drive the creative process when serious artists work together . 
OBJECTIVE:1 however , once jason realizes what freddy has done , he is infuriated . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a charming , quirky and leisurely paced scottish comedy -- except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from monty python's meaning of life . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment . 
OBJECTIVE:1 there is the mother and the father , who don't seem to have a normal marriage anymore , there's the daughter , lena , who has a disease and will soon leave the house for medical treatment in switzerland , and her husband harry , who has a mysterious past . 
OBJECTIVE:1 locations include niger , finland , micronesia , australia , china , siberia or greenland . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ranks with such films as in the bedroom , ordinary people , and terms of endearment in the sensitivity with which it observes the effect a child's death on the remaining members of the family . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story is about a man , bruce hickman , and his relationship with another man , frank , the thing that they have in common is the relation with a deaf person . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when her aunt sends her a pair of shoes instead of the money to start up the restaurant , she angrily sells the useless gift for spare change . 
OBJECTIVE:1 their world comes crashing down after one of the girls is murdered by a blackmail victim . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [jaglom] creates an engaging insider's world of enthusiastically entertaining characters and absorbing situations . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it comes the closest to any movie experience i've had in re-creating the aftermath of unexplained suicide . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one of the year's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces . 
OBJECTIVE:1 and what makes lucky invaluable is his ability to teach mudd how to write again . 
OBJECTIVE:1 marked by past scars and quickly running out of time , graham finds himself tangled in a heap of madness , sacrificing his work , his family , and above all his own life , to put an end to pure evil . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the company offered " ice in an hour " delivery and ice-related accessories , like tongs , buckets and gourmet ice . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he is reluctant to help at first because he is wearing his friend kumin's shoes and doesn't want it to be dirty . 
OBJECTIVE:1 loonies is a touching comedy about five psychiatric patients who are forced to exchange their familiar surroundings for an old-fashioned , impersonal institution . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's plenty of style in guillermo del toro's sequel to the 1998 hit but why do we need 117 minutes to tell a tale that simply can't sustain more than 90 minutes . 
OBJECTIVE:1 rebecca falls in love with lukas and soon feels more comfortable in the commune than she does at home . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a moving portrait of a man who has lost his place in the world . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he presents himself to be a rich boy , fool her and romance with her . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship . 
OBJECTIVE:1 eddie is a " normal " dad , who loves life , his job and most of all family . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of self-importance
OBJECTIVE:1 as this is happening , a rogue jedi named count dooku leads separatists on geonosis to rebel against the senate . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated ( depending upon where you live ) , ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses grant's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this is the story of ryan , a thirty-something office worker , persecuted by his supervisor angela and under-appreciated his fianc&#233 ; e jo . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but grace has a secret and it is a dangerous one . 
OBJECTIVE:1 <p class= " plotpar " >for close to 20 years <a href= " /name ? holmes , %20john " >john 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 director oliver parker labors so hard to whip life into the importance of being earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 some body often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a superfluous sequel . . . plagued by that old familiar feeling of 'let's get this thing over with' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as adapted by kevin molony from simon leys' novel " the death of napoleon " and directed by alan taylor , napoleon's journey is interesting but his parisian rebirth is stillborn
SUBJECTIVE:0 typifies the pros and cons of the films that india churns out . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he has no idea how he has journeyed the 400 miles in less than two hours . 
OBJECTIVE:1 wounded and outgunned , sam shows the kids what it means to stand up for something . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she is a very sweet girl , and they get along quite well with her . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you . he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
OBJECTIVE:1 with voices of poetry , burk juxtaposes thoughts of one's typical ordeals with imagery of what some might consider a defining moment in life . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the film , " wake " , the fateful reunion of four brothers quickly dissolves into a night of drinking , deceit , perversions , and death . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if [jaglom's] latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms . ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh's book trainspotting . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the movie is based on jane smiley's novella the age of grief , and centres on a dentist , played by campbell scott , who has a strange dream that blurs the boundaries between fantasy and reality . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego doesn't always go hand in hand with talent . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he's in the southwest , headed toward mexico , when he picks up bennie , a woman leaving an abusive marriage , going to paradise , arizona . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a puzzle whose pieces do not fit . some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a very familiar tale , one that's been told by countless filmmakers about italian- , chinese- , irish- , latin- , indian- , russian- and other hyphenate american young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages . 
OBJECTIVE:1 unexpectedly , the caustic loner befriends the girl only to see his life take another turn when she is kidnapped and later murdered . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the two jedi are then sent on two different missions , anakin is sent to naboo with padme and obi-wan is sent to the planet of kamino where he will investigate the assassination attempts . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a film about two intelligent , romantic people who ultimately have to 'earn' each other . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 seldom has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 opens as promising as any war/adventure film you'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled " glory : a soldier's story . " 
OBJECTIVE:1 soon discovering that they're in a strange fourth dimension where our laws of physics don't apply , they have to unravel the secrets of the " hypercube " in order to survive . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a violent initiation rite for the audience , as much as it is for angelique , the [opening] dance guarantees karmen's enthronement among the cinema's memorable women . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 without the dark spookiness of crystal lake camp , the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 about as enjoyable , i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces . . . positively dreadful . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is just lazy writing . even kids deserve better . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a woman stands on the shore , looking off into the flooded valley where her friends and neighbors once lived . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the little town in georgia that they live in , things soon change . 
OBJECTIVE:1 paco ( debora falabella ) and tonho ( roberto bomtempo ) are illegal brazilian immigrants in new york . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he dumped her right after he got what he wanted without any explanation . 
OBJECTIVE:1 high powered lawyer claire kubik finds her world turned upside down when her husband , who she thought was tom kubik , is arrested and is revealed to be ron chapman . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the question is , will their lives change forever with the riches that come along with professional sports , or will they be destined to live a life in their home country , asking forever , what if ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 he still lives in his new york city orphanage well after the usual age of release . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i wish windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story . this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes . 
OBJECTIVE:1 these two facts cause a chain of events that changes not only her life , but also that of her friends in a brutal way . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 along the way , he encounters some strange characters , one of which is a cow trained in the martial arts . 
OBJECTIVE:1 is this dead visitor all in keith's head or is she truly a mother ghost ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 after a really wild night jim and the gang wake up in an abandoned warehouse in a small town in the middle of no where , of which they have never heard of . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story goes that she can't go in the light , and if you wake up and see her , she'll kill you . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that's as entertaining as it is instructive . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 while not quite " shrek " or monsters , inc . " , it's not too bad . it's worth taking the kids to . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after their relationship falters , shane begins to think he might be unlucky and turns to gambling as an outlet for his obsession . 
OBJECTIVE:1 fraud feathers and fairies ( one of the stories from the 'red rock' trilogy of stage plays ) is based on the california gold rush era in the mythical town of red rock . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a father meets his lost but still beautiful love of the high school while his daughter wants to become a television star runaways is steve moore's ( austin o'brien ) story . 
OBJECTIVE:1 once there , she finds more than she expected . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a terrifically deft picture about the thick line that separates movie glamour from the real world , and the thin line between common sense and paranoia . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i can't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a light-hearted french film about the spiritual quest of a fashion model seeking peace of mind while in a love affair with a veterinarian who is a non-practicing jew . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film hinges on its performances , and both leads are up to the task . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire ! 
SUBJECTIVE:0 like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 john leguizamo may be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in this condition , she meets lukas , a gentle , but at the same time , strong-willed and good-looking young man . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 got a david lynch jones ? then you'd do well to check this one out because it's straight up twin peaks action . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in fact , she puts her nuptial plans on hold to head to washington d . c . to get an anti-animal testing bill passed . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer's bloated effects fest the mummy returns . 
OBJECTIVE:1 is this challenge too much for even the amazing spider-man to handle ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone . 
OBJECTIVE:1 from naboo to tatooine , it grows into love for her . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she receives a letter of acceptance to a writer's fellowship across the country , which she burns . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the locale . . . remains far more interesting than the story at hand . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it's all going well for the very single eleanor , until she realizes it's all a ruse . 
OBJECTIVE:1 to protect her relationship with john , she " ditches " her son , having him arrested and locked in a correctional " mental " facility , before coercing her older brother burt , who lives in hollywood , to take him . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative . still , as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpassed . 
OBJECTIVE:1 gigli abducts the brother from his mental hospital and holds him hostage in his apartment . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 proves mainly that south korean filmmakers can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their hollywood counterparts . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it isn't . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story follows a best-selling female advice author ( zellweger ) who has all the answers until a sly journalist playboy ( mcgregor ) starts asking the questions . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [the film] tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful . 
OBJECTIVE:1 kok pin , boon hock and terry are classmates in " em3 " stream . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance . 
OBJECTIVE:1 people on the site work monotonously , in a fervor , then dazed , trance-like . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they have a son , jai , who is loved by everyone and who keeps the house alive . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater . 
OBJECTIVE:1 caught between their past and their future , both are struggling to find a way to become independent women in a place where everyone and everything seems to conspire to make them return to the roles of children under the rule of formidable parents . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the title's lameness should clue you in on how bad the movie is . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards . 
OBJECTIVE:1 told from the point of view from archie ( qualls ) , a comic book collector , this is the story of a rivalry between two comic book shop owners . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one of the best films that showcase a romance within the context of an artistic movement
OBJECTIVE:1 one day , lilja falls in love with andrej . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 looking aristocratic , luminous yet careworn in jane hamilton's exemplary costumes , rampling gives a performance that could not be improved upon . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 less worrying about covering all the drama in frida's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie . 
OBJECTIVE:1 tony stilano and trev spackneys both own , live over and work in adjoining take-away fish shops in melbourne . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 plays less like a coming-of-age romance than an infomercial . 
OBJECTIVE:1 alex bernier ( ledger ) is a member of an arcane order of priests known as carolingians . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when an international criminal ( dacascos ) kidnaps the daughter of a gang leader ( dmx ) as part of a diamond heist , it causes a city's police to engage in an intensive search ( led by a government agent played by li ) , aided by the father's gangsters . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in a revealing and often hilarious portrait , mary dispenses homespun wisdom while divulging family secrets and rivalries . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 hawke draws out the best from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in burdette's dialogue . 
OBJECTIVE:1 eight year old peter carlson tries to save his family from eviction by " blackmailing santa " . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 don't expect any surprises in this checklist of teamwork cliches . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this causes duncan's father ( jenkins ) further grief , who doesn't understand his son's unusual mourning rituals . 
OBJECTIVE:1 lilli black , battling her painful memories and the secrets surrounding her dying father , collides into the complicated and obsessive life of morrison wiley on the streets of new york city . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when not solving murders in tinseltown , detective joe gavilan and his rookie partner kasey calden both moonlight in other fields : gavilan sells real estate ( poorly ) , and calden aspires to become an actor ( brando , namely ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character . 
OBJECTIVE:1 america's best player is being pulled in to the ultimate cyber-terror . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 mcconaughey's fun to watch , the dragons are okay , not much fire in the script . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the united states of america is notorious for its astronomical number of people killed by firearms for a developed nation without a civil war . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 were dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director ethan hawke's strained chelsea walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , 'do not go gentle into that good theatre . '
OBJECTIVE:1 pronounced cured , she became a psychoanalyst herself and , within eight years , was practising alongside the founding fathers . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for the most part , director anne-sophie birot's first feature is a sensitive , extraordinarily well-acted drama . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life . and if the hours wins 'best picture' i just might . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the boarders between life and stage merge and makes him to the mockery of his follow human beings . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 its portrait of a very unsung sector of society is refreshingly honest and entertaining . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if your senses haven't been dulled by slasher films and gorefests , if you're a connoisseur of psychological horror , this is your ticket . 
OBJECTIVE:1  " new suit " is a contemporary update of the fairy tale " the emperor's new clothes . " 
OBJECTIVE:1 the decision gets complicated when old secrets , false hope , and personal tragedies threaten to break up the band . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 son of the bride manages to be affectionate without drawing too deeply from a well of sugar and schmaltz . 
OBJECTIVE:1 along comes sonja , who wants to know how the horny tale he's now working on will end . 
OBJECTIVE:1 plot strands involve a trio of lost transvestites , two girls who never leave the toilets , a pair of innocent under-age drinkers and a guy who is determined to pierce his genitalia , but the central story follows ali as she sets out to humilate her former lover , mike , who slept with another woman . 
OBJECTIVE:1 her in-laws , who are tired of eva interfering in their lives , decide to set her up with someone so she can leave them alone . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 casting its gaze on painting masterworks and thousands of jewel-encrusted , elaborately costumed extras , russian ark is like nothing you've ever seen . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in this high-school coming of age romantic comedy and with 2 months of summer vacation ahead of them , fresh graduates kiki ( charlene choi ) and kammy ( gillian chung ) swear to look for their first boyfriends and bring them to show their schoolmates at the high school reunion . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 on its own , it's not very interesting . as a remake , it's a pale imitation . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie's biggest offense is its complete and utter lack of tension . 
OBJECTIVE:1 one sunday , while all the town , including his wife and son , are piously praying mass , a miracle occurs . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what could have been a neat little story about believing in yourself is swamped by heavy-handed melodrama . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the good-hearted harbour has spent his whole life trying to take care of his motherless and suicidal little brother , wilbur . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force . 
OBJECTIVE:1 however he's cauught by the mexican secret police and is forced to infiltrate a gruop political activist in the movement of 68 . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film follows fictional movie star gray evans through the disintegration of his marriage , his gradual mental breakdown , and his increasing obsession with a young film student who reminds gray of his own life before becoming famous . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this eruption of bloody violence becomes the catalyst for the unleashing of dark forces with terrifying results . 
OBJECTIVE:1 nick , a district attorney investigating the most recent case , a suspicious apparent suicide , and her interviews with friends and family of the deceased trigger extensive and intricately interwoven flashbacks that reveal surprising facts about the man's life and death . 
OBJECTIVE:1 kilo decides to learn how to prosper in the drug world and his new life as a dealer begins . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc . reyes' word processor . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after a number of failed attempts , they finally arrive by boat and stumble across a german radar station . 
OBJECTIVE:1 told as if reading the pages of a diary , along with a stunning visual style , quiet illustrates that beyond the brink of madness lies one man's sanity . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a haunting , rich film . . . [fraser] and caine blend beautifully with their sweet-and-sour mix of acting . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
SUBJECTIVE:0 feels slight , as if it were an extended short , albeit one made by the smartest kids in class . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the four reluctantly come together when they have to return a human child to its father while braving the deadly elements of the impending ice age . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 offers a quieter version of the midlife-crisis roller coaster . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this unique short film follows the night of a young british insomniac named jack , narrated almost hour by hour from a first hand perspective . 
OBJECTIVE:1 with no option , joe and katsuragi must use their martial arts skills to fight in the muscle dome . 
OBJECTIVE:1 jimmy wayne garrick is bitten by a stray dog one night on his way home and becomes obsessed with the idea that he is becoming a werewolf . 
OBJECTIVE:1 eight year old maria has her bicycle stolen , and like a lightning from the clear sky ploddy the policicar comes to the rescue ! 
OBJECTIVE:1 in 1968 poland expelled the last remaining jews from what once used to be the largest jewish settlement in the world , effectively ending over thousand year long history . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 like " this is spinal tap " , only with more pathetic protagonists- and funnier ! 
SUBJECTIVE:0 so infectious , so colorful , so exhilarating , that you almost forget that at its core , it's merely a curry-inflected remake of father of the bride , with snippets of other films thrown in . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there isn't much there here . 
OBJECTIVE:1 could matty finish a porn movie before his legs get broken by tokyo tony ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film is less successful on other levels . 
OBJECTIVE:1 jim finally proposes to michelle , and both families gather for their upcoming wedding . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if signs is a good film , and it is , the essence of a great one is in there somewhere . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works . 
OBJECTIVE:1 maenwhile , amelia and father amaro have fallen in love and have begun a passionate sexual relationship . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the teddy bear syndrome a dramatization based on actual events . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the quest is hope and the passions that drive us in this search . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 far from perfect , but its heart is in the right place . . . innocent and well-meaning . 
OBJECTIVE:1 these four queens became germany's most popular drag performers and have been busy fertilizing the german cultural scene . 
OBJECTIVE:1 harry is watching over his dying wife and waiting for the gun to arrive . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in singapore , that means that at the age of 12 , the government has decided that they are not as academically inclined as their peers . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad scouse accents
OBJECTIVE:1 it follows and in some cases re-enacts the chronology of shepherd's visit to a local bar , his kidnap and beating , the discovery of him tied to a fence , the vigil at the hospital , his death and funeral , and the trial of his killers . 
OBJECTIVE:1 aka is the story of a disaffected youth's search for love , status , and identity in late 1970s britain . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 to be influenced chiefly by humanity's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for god's sake ! -- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 fancy a real downer ? [leigh] lays it on so thick this time that it feels like a suicide race . 
OBJECTIVE:1 each of the five patients realise their dreams individually , but ultimately they decide to choose for each other and the familiarity of their own place . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions . 
OBJECTIVE:1 now &#38 ; forever is a dramatic contemporary love story combining elements of spirituality , heart and integrity . 
OBJECTIVE:1 one tragic night , john rescues angela from a wicked act of betrayal . 
OBJECTIVE:1 brookdale is infested with super-intelligent , supernaturally empowered killer rats , a by-product of forgotten experiments conducted by " dr . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 not only an exuberant portrayal of hip-hop's self-healing , it's a compelling meditation on the future of making music in america . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it's so successful at lodging itself in the brain . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a brain twister , less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 presents an astute appraisal of middle american musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as each wait for a bus to new york city it is soon clear they are both hiding dark secrets while running from the past . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but just when james starts to question his role and his cat-and-mouse relationship with his mentor , burke taps him for a special assignment to root out a mole . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there is no pleasure in watching a child suffer . just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the ingenious construction ( adapted by david hare from michael cunningham's novel ) constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
OBJECTIVE:1 but when hong's investigation starts to point to nunn , nunn becomes worried and decides to hire angel . com for another hit ^&#214 ; only so he can double-cross them , wipe them out and prevent them from leading the police back to him . 
OBJECTIVE:1 both of them create the most important cofee plantation in cuba with a very special philosophy of the slave work and comunity . 
OBJECTIVE:1 unable to remember his name or anything from his past life , he cannot get a job or an apartment , so he starts living on the outskirts of the city and slowly starts putting his life back on track . 
OBJECTIVE:1 all is faultless , until fay's parents' marriage breaks down suddenly , out of nowhere , after 40 years of wedded bliss . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it's a sci-fi , time travel , action adventure , comedy , drama mystery all rolled into one as mark twain on the way home from one of his last speaking tours in 1906 , is jostled on a train by 2 men , one in pursuit of the other , twain picks up a newspaper that one of them drops and the headline reads " manned mars mission . . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she soon finds out it's hard to get to know him , or even to get nearby him ! 
OBJECTIVE:1 tuck everlasting is the story of a girl named winnie and a family who she meets , the tucks . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 succumbs to the same kind of maudlin , sentimental mysticism that mars the touched by an angel school of non-god spiritual-uplift movies . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film engages with the divergent paths taken , linked by childhood friendship and a mewling kitten , but a third act event is presented so abruptly it confuses the viewer until it rebounds somewhat with a satisfying closure . 
OBJECTIVE:1 since the shoe is his , kumin is then declared the " mr . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 its valuable message makes it a must-see for children and teenagers , and even more so for those callous adults who have become casually corrupt in their efforts to simply get through life . 
OBJECTIVE:1 mile zero is a story about a father with a remarkable capacity to love , but who lets fear and desperation rule his actions . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they decide to celebrate digger's 18th birthday by breaking every rule of what they consider a " shallow and hypocritical society " by planning a suicide as a manifestation of their eternal freedom , thus " to die and become immortal . " 
SUBJECTIVE:0 about as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through . 
OBJECTIVE:1 amerika , zed and kyle are good friends until the wicked witch trasha comes along and takes kyle away . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the next big thing's not-so-big ( and not-so-hot ) directorial debut . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one minute , you think you're watching a serious actioner ; the next , it's as though clips from the pink panther strikes again and/or sailor moon have been spliced in . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 nearly manages to be what " blow " couldn't - a perpetual night party that generates a sick fascination to the bitter end . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what saves it . . . and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film is a travesty of the genre and even as spoof takes itself too seriously . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this idyllic existence is upset by the arrival in the village of anita rutter and her dysfunctional family . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 those who don't entirely 'get' godard's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker help overcome the problematic script . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in 1977 , during anita bryant's crusade , an anti-gay book alan wrote years before gets published without his consent . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 dense and enigmatic . . . elusive . . . stagy and stilted
OBJECTIVE:1 how do a man who has never loved and a woman who refused to ever love again deal with the fact that they are meant to be together ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 accuracy and realism are terrific , but if your film becomes boring , and your dialogue isn't smart , then you need to use more poetic license . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it is only natural for " the shu " to flourish under the care of corrupt and powerful men like battista . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this is the story of their lives , their memories , their unbending habits and the films they love . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's something about a marching band that gets me where i live . 
OBJECTIVE:1 finch must stop their wedding , but stifler refuses to tell him the date and locaction of the wedding . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as for the music world , history's future king is coming from the past . 
OBJECTIVE:1 maggie's daughter is kidnapped , forcing father and estranged daughter to work together to get her back . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 sound the trumpets : for the first time since desperately seeking susan , madonna doesn't suck as an actress . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's a more believable scenario for infidelity than most such movies , and aniston gives her all to the role . 
OBJECTIVE:1 with only a high school diploma , thomas became a leading cardiac pioneer and educator of two generations of the united states' premiere heart surgeons . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film is based on the true story of telecommunications genius walter l . shaw sr . and his son walter t . shaw jr . , the confessed " dinner time burglar . " 
SUBJECTIVE:0 adaptation is probably the ultimate writers' film , but it's also a brash , daring , and dynamic film -- as delicate as an orchid but as durable and malleable as the species . 
OBJECTIVE:1 now he is messing with forces from beyond the grave . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when his daughter is kidnapped and held in exchange for priceless diamonds , the leader of a crew of highly skilled urban thieves ( dmx ) forges an unlikely alliance with a taiwanese intelligence officer ( jet li ) to rescue her . 
OBJECTIVE:1 set in malaya during the japanese occupation in the 1940s , this film tells the story of a girl , embun , who's thrown into the forefront of the struggle against the japanese when her freedom-fighter brother , bayu , and father are detained by the japanese . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 marlon brando has the godfather , laurence olivier has hamlet , and now tim allen has . . . santa claus . 
OBJECTIVE:1 robert immediately tries to flee with his assistant and narrowly manages to escape the pursuing tong but not without a heavy price . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point . . . is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable . 
OBJECTIVE:1 vince's flood of memories about sara's disappearance is brought on when he happens upon 10-year-old ellen , one of julie's students . 
OBJECTIVE:1 two friends purchase a winning lottery ticket , only to have it stolen by a woman while she is robbing the cafe in which they are having lunch . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a mysterious video tape is killing off anyone who watches it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 roland enlists the aid of a dr . maud bailey , an expert on the life of the woman in question . 
OBJECTIVE:1 what if jesus were born in the year 2002 to a young jewish couple in new york city , instead of bethlehem two millennia ago ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being 'naturalistic' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it's exhausting to watch . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 iwai creates yuichi's world as much through disembodied moments of sight and sound as through action , building to a surprising stab of melancholy . 
OBJECTIVE:1 tim plans to spend his 21st birthday at his scottish estate with eight of his closest friends . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she's saving money for a ticket to rome to get out of her life and visit an italian with whom she had a one night stand several months ago . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock's imaginative flight to shyamalan's self-important summer fluff . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in a future where emotion and desire have been wiped away by an unshakable new narcotic , society exists simply to provide a constant source of the drug . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 on balance , i recommend the movie both for nicholson's performance and for the opportunity to spend some time with the kind of man that we often meet in real life , but rarely see on screen . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $8 and get ready for the big shear . this is one baaaaaaaaad movie . 
OBJECTIVE:1 narrated by james ellroy , stan brakhage , and dr . roy menninger . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this ecologically minded , wildlife friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family
OBJECTIVE:1 the parent corporation sends in an elite military unit , where they meet alice , who is suffering from amnesia due to exposure to nerve gas . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 is there enough material to merit a documentary on the making of wilco's last album ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 daria's boys are : dante , who owns some of the hottest clubs in the city and believes monogamy is a dirty word , unless he's being cheated on . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 director dan verete uses his camera as the metaphoric needle , and his cast in each segment as his thread , to form a sweeping tapestry of mis-explanation and contention . 
OBJECTIVE:1 devastated by her husband's death from a drug overdose , philippa ( played by cate blanchett ) , a british teacher living in turin , italy , tries to bring justice to the biggest drug dealer in turin when the local police ignore her information about him . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 rock's stand-up magic wanes . hopkins , squarely fills the screen . action - mechanical . 
OBJECTIVE:1 then a young colorado woman ( beth ulrich ) moves across the hall and things look up , until he learns that she has a total backwoods quality that he doesn't know how to handle . 
OBJECTIVE:1 moving to the big city , deeds finds himself besieged by opportunists all gunning for their piece of the pie . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not . 
OBJECTIVE:1 fashion is considered a glamorous industry full of beautiful people . 
OBJECTIVE:1 every member of the pecking order sees the dupe as the new low man on the totem pole , and as a result , the perfect tool to boost themselves towards the top of this dysfunctional hierarchy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 barry convinces us he's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful . 
OBJECTIVE:1 blueberry is stationed in the little town of palomito as sheriff . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 oliveira trusts the intelligence of his audience . . . in the life of the city he suggests the ongoing life of humanity , the context in which individual mortality must be contemplated . 
OBJECTIVE:1 through his grandmother's boundless patience and devotion , he learns to embrace empathy , humility and the importance of family . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the director sees the strengths of alagna and gheorghiu and plays them for every cinematic moment . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 acting , particularly by tambor , almost makes " never again " worthwhile , but [writer/director] schaeffer should follow his titular advice
SUBJECTIVE:0 birot's directorial debut ( she co-wrote the script with christophe honoré ) isn't so much bad as it is bland . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as alex begins to dictate his tale of a romantic love triangle to the charming yet somewhat opinionated stenographer , emma challenges his ideas at every turn . 
OBJECTIVE:1 since bursting onto the music scene last year with her double platinum first album 'pie on my face' , tildy st . 
OBJECTIVE:1 desert rose is an erotic thriller that takes you through one man's life experience . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he decides to play along in order to do research for his floundering novel . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he supports her completely , particularly as she begins to paint again . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this epic film , eschewing dialogue and conventional narrative logic , tells a gripping tale of biological drama through a highly improbable series of evocative images , superb acting and editing , and haunting music . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 too sincere to exploit its subjects and too honest to manipulate its audience . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the story is so light and sugary that were it a macy's thanksgiving day parade balloon , extra heavy-duty ropes would be needed to keep it from floating away . 
OBJECTIVE:1 lisa kudrow plays the vet while lee tergensen is the frazzled husband , whose marriage is going to the dogs . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the unluckiest man in vegas ( william h . macy ) - a guy whose bad luck is contagious - is used by the last of the old time mob run casinos to kill high rollers' action . 
OBJECTIVE:1 charlie is man who wakes up one morning to find that no one can see him . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 we can't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie . unfortunately , we'd prefer a simple misfire . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie is our story as much as it is schmidt's , no matter if it's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale . 
OBJECTIVE:1 michell , after some sleuthing around , narrows down the suspects to a woman not his wife , another well known victorian poet . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the near future a young biker leaves his crumbling life in rural ireland to join a strange 'metal circus' as it tours the cities of europe . 
OBJECTIVE:1  " a sound of thunder " is about a game hunter ( burns ) who goes on a time-traveling safari owned and operated by kingsley's character to hunt dinosaurs in the prehistoric era . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 anyone who can count to five ( the film's target market ? ) can see where this dumbed-down concoction is going . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 another useless recycling of a brutal mid-'70s american sports movie . 
OBJECTIVE:1 based on the famous 1947 hoax letter written to vought aviation in which thousands of copies have since been distributed . 
OBJECTIVE:1 on the way there , he sees a sports car that just hit a tree . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as a study of how the current corporate idiocy impacts one man's art , it's priceless . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when his wayward sister , kassie ( kerry washington ) , goes missing eddie burns finds himself subjected to a fiendish and ingenious campaign of revenge by the mysterious charlie strom ( gary oldman ) . 
OBJECTIVE:1 each brush stroke brings him inexorably closer to an unknown fate , a fate that is perhaps foretold in the very visions that fuel his work . 
OBJECTIVE:1 hakimi stops his car and sees a girl is trapped in the car . 
OBJECTIVE:1 based on actual accounts , the untold is the story of harlan knowles ( lance henriksen ) , billionaire and president of bio-comp industries who heads up a team of experts in a quest to locate a company plane that disappeared over the remote forests of the pacific northwest . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters' foibles a timeless and unique perspective . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title . . . amounts to surprisingly little . 
OBJECTIVE:1 potter begins his second year at hogwarts school of wizardry , but is warned by a mysterious creature that danger awaits him at the school . 
OBJECTIVE:1 we find elvis ( bruce campbell ) as an elderly resident in an east texas rest home , who switched identities with an elvis impersonator years before his " death " , then missed his chance to switch back . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the police investigation that followed - led by detectives sam nico ( ted levine ) , louis cruz ( frankie g . ) and mike peters ( m . c . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a counterfeit 1000 tomin bank note is passed in a bazaar . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you're up for that sort of thing . 
OBJECTIVE:1 paralyzed by the discovery he is only capable of leaving with a stupid excuse , trying to hide from ana the anguish that barely lets him breath . 
OBJECTIVE:1 billy is now ready to play the ultimate showman ! 
OBJECTIVE:1 there , a competition to create 'something' made of at least 50% duct tape , will garner the third prize winner exactly $10 , 000 . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this documentary follows a business partnership between a clan of palestinian fisherman from refugee camps in gaza and israelis from the settlement of dugit , gaza strip . 
OBJECTIVE:1 arvasu prepares to marry outside his brahmin caste - but for this , according to the tribal custom , he has to present himself before nittilai's village elders . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if the first men in black was money , the second is small change . but it still jingles in the pocket . it's fun lite . 
OBJECTIVE:1 what he doesn't know yet is that these traits are part of the disguisey family secret legacy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 too bad kramer couldn't make a guest appearance to liven things up . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard to resist . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 we haven't seen such hilarity since say it isn't so ! 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if this is the danish idea of a good time , prospective tourists might want to consider a different destination -- some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war , perhaps . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's sweet . . . but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end . 
OBJECTIVE:1 chomsky , in stark and uncompromising terms , challenges the united states to apply to its own actions the moral standards it demands of others . 
OBJECTIVE:1 perky , perfect carolyn and her alpha omega pi sisters plan to win sorority of the year by impressing the greek council with a killer charity : coaching mentally challenged athletes for the regional challenged games . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 eccentric enough to stave off doldrums , caruso's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this rough trade punch-and-judy act didn't play well then and it plays worse now . 
OBJECTIVE:1 three stories delicately intertwined by the beauty of sadness . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time . 
OBJECTIVE:1 kar is an unlikely candidate , a streetwise young man whose only interest is himself . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the unexplored story opportunities of " punch-drunk love " may have worked against the maker's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 you feel like you're the one moving at 80 mph , not the street lugers . 
OBJECTIVE:1 there follow three months of exhausting interrogation and isolation . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [i]t's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but barbershop isn't as funny as it should be . 
OBJECTIVE:1 with david carradine , theo van gogh , kate clarke and henry jaglom - featuring a soundtrack by grammy nominated composer willie wisely , who also plays the lead character , willie vincent . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the subject of swinging still seems ripe for a documentary -- just not this one . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film . . . or the emotional integrity of the performances . 
OBJECTIVE:1 teens are borrowing the family car to drive to manhattan with hopes of being picked to enter studio 54 . 
OBJECTIVE:1 spanning 18 years in an iranian women's prison , this follows two women : the new prison warden , a tough as nails devout muslim who has served in the army on the iraqi front , and a young midwife , mitra , who is serving her sentence for killing her mother's abusive husband . 
OBJECTIVE:1 no matter how hard you run from the past , it has a way of catching up with you . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the twist that ends the movie is the one with the most emotional resonance , but twists are getting irritating , and this is the kind of material where the filmmakers should be very careful about raising eyebrows . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the only element of suspense is whether the movie will change titles or distributors again before the closing credits roll . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 during the tuxedo's 90 minutes of screen time , there isn't one true 'chan moment' . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 first-time writer-director serry shows a remarkable gift for storytelling with this moving , effective little film . 
OBJECTIVE:1 international news media baron , rupert murdoch ( played by ben mendelsohn ) , then publisher of the adelaide " news , " became the driving force behind securing a re-trial for stuart . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as fate would have it , they realize how close they all are from the other side ; of life , of love , and of losing it . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 meyjes' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 turning a great movie into a pretty good one is still a step in the wrong direction . . . and the ring will never be more than a pretty good movie . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after realizing what had happened and unsure what else to do he began capturing the events unfolding around him . 
OBJECTIVE:1 embracing the afghan women's cause as a primary commitment , iara lee's short film not only spotlights the despair on both sides of the afghan-pakistan border , but also captures the hope and dignity that still define afghan men , women and children . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the " saving private ryan " battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 the fictional film " the dragon " tells the story of how a young boy , who's master is killed by a group of thugs , grows up to avenge his teacher's murder . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the din of advertising offering happiness through consumption is deafaning and sense and reason are quickly being discarded as relics of the 'old economy' . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 spider-man is in the same category as x-men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around . 
OBJECTIVE:1 anthony is a successful computer engineer in silicon valley where he seems to have the perfect life : a beautiful home secluded in the hills , stock options worth millions , and a lovely wife , victoria . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the feds are now determined to bring kilo's operation down . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as both marly and desiree grapple with the sometimes overwhelming weight of family history and family expectations , and wrestle with questions of love , duty and responsibility , the tale offers a portrait of two women , two families , and two communities standing on the brink of change . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a young couple moves into a neighborhood obsessed with the frightening silent movie history that took place 80 years before . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it's as if it all happened only yesterday . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 s1m0ne's satire is not subtle , but it is effective . it's a quirky , off-beat project . . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 by the end , it becomes clear that the patient is the woman in the story and the narrator is her suitor . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but with the help of a superhero and a mysterious deep-voiced stranger , arnold and gerald will need to recover a crucial document in order to save their beloved neighborhood . 
OBJECTIVE:1 dogville is shot exclusively in studio with a minimum of props once again allowing the actors' maximum freedom and full exposure inspired by televised theatre of the 70s . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like the adventures of ford fairlane . 
OBJECTIVE:1 during that time , evelyn and her brothers suffer the abuses of living in orphanages while desmond struggles to secure finances . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's not going to be everyone's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning . 
OBJECTIVE:1 alone in a cell , she undergoes a spiritual experience similar to that of the great mystics . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when julius caesar gets wind of the project succeeding , he has the building site attacked by his troops in order to win the bet and not lose his face . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the zany search for the shoes begins , as she follows the footsteps through the lively streets of havana , running into the quirky , colorful characters that bring viva zapato and dolore's dream . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when bernie falls for a gorgeous cocktail waitress ( maria bello ) his bad luck is thrown into reverse . 
OBJECTIVE:1 now , when angered , he turns into a massive green behemoth with the mind of a child . 
OBJECTIVE:1 an alcoholic former schoolteacher hired as security finds himself a reluctant mentor to mouse , the impressionable boy ward of the pimp dewey . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 writer-director stephen gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call 'too clever by half . '
OBJECTIVE:1 soon , annie's condition helps leoncio's children realize the essence of a family . 
OBJECTIVE:1 armed with twenty dollars and a backpack , pastor william sets off on an unusual call from god to walk across the country preaching the gospel . 
OBJECTIVE:1 otis wants to relive the old days , mark doesn't . 
OBJECTIVE:1 undecided about his future , yun fei , an unknown young poet , goes to visit an old university friend in the suburbs of beijing to seek his advice . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this undercover documentary takes you deep into the controversial arena of backyard wrestling where the limits are constantly being tested . . . and 
OBJECTIVE:1 set in 1986 when best friends harry ( olsen ) and lloyd ( richardson ) were teenagers , this is the madcap comic tale of their attempt to get out of the " special needs " department and into regular high school life . 
OBJECTIVE:1 for once the kids don't let sam down - and they're not likely to forget the lessons they've learned . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they've all got midlife crises : clownish beav has love problems ; the intellectual shrink , henry , is slowly succumbing to the siren song of suicide ; pete is losing a war with beer ; jonesy has had weird premonitions ever since he got hit by a car . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes . . . drag the movie down . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after having christmas present and rent money stolen by someone posing as santa , they get jobs working as unarmed security guards in the local mall , they get threatened with eviction , pick up girls , get drunk , take drugs and need quick cash . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student--where's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 luster is a refreshingly funny and sexy look at unrequited love . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the plot's clearly mythic structure may owe more to disney's strong sense of formula than to the original story . but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's a good thing that woolly mammoths are extinct , because this movie will have every kid in the schoolyard wishing for their very own . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce . . . lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as the end of times approaches , an angel and a demon must team up to sort out the whole mess . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 dr . evil and mini-me have somehow escaped from a maximum security prison and the duo team up with goldmember . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this startling film provides a gritty look into american politics in the new south . 
OBJECTIVE:1 michael rooker plays a guard , fisher stevens , john seda , and master p co star . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its " dead wife communicating from beyond the grave " framework is even remotely new or interesting . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the true story about robyn davidson who tamed four wild camels and with her dog , trekked from alice springs to the indian ocean , a trip no-one had ever made . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this 72-minute film does have some exciting scenes , but it's a tad slow . 
OBJECTIVE:1 suk , a korean martial artist , brought up by the organization since early childhood , is the man they trust to fight these 'special' matches . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 finds a way to tell a simple story , perhaps the simplest story of all , in a way that seems compelling and even original . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 we've seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world's greatest teacher . 
OBJECTIVE:1 believing that he is the " world's greatest swordsman , " juan antonio merrily accepts the challenge until he learns that the duel will be fought with pistols , not swords . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state . 
OBJECTIVE:1 now , after five years of calling the shots-on everything from his clothes to his divorce settlements - lucy kelson is calling it quits . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but with tess's wedding coming on saturday , the two have to find a way to switch back - and fast . 
OBJECTIVE:1 there is a knock at the door and mitchell hears his mother asking for t-mon . 
OBJECTIVE:1 and eventually some eyes turn toward the drifter , vince . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing . proof of this is ballistic : ecks vs . sever . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 no number of fantastic sets , extras , costumes and spectacular locales can disguise the emptiness at the center of the story . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees . 
OBJECTIVE:1 marisa ventura ( lopez ) is a single mother born and bred in the boroughs of new york city , who works as a maid in a first-class manhattan hotel . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he returns to chris who then sends him with the money he got from the drugs , to an old racist drunk gunrunner named harry , to buy a gun . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the paradiso's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film's final ( restored ) third…emotionally belittle a cinema classic . sometimes shorter is better . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 noyce films it more as a shocking history lesson than as drama . 
OBJECTIVE:1 eric has married his high school sweetheart , has a good job , his first house , yet he jokes about all the things he's missed in life . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 more intimate than spectacular , e . t . is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 chan's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 more than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 chalk it up to my adoration for both de niro and murphy , but i had a pretty good time with this movie - despite its myriad flaws . 
OBJECTIVE:1 rebuffed in love and uncertain of life , simon is the story of a young englishman's physical and spiritual journey during algeria's battle for independence from france . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 circuit queens won't learn a thing , they'll be too busy cursing the film's strategically placed white sheets . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film is a coming-of-age story and also a dark comedy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 pacino is the best he's been in years and keener is marvelous . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [while the last metro] was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 wins my vote for 'the 2002 enemy of cinema' award . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 with each of her three protagonists , miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it is said that when the devil wishes to take a mortal soul , he'll walk the earth in the guise of a child for they are pure of heart . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a young reporter named rachel is investigating these events , but after she and her small son watch the tape , it becomes a race against time to find out why the tape is killing everyone and how it could be stopped . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . a joke at once flaky and resonant , lightweight and bizarrely original . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the attempt is courageous , even if the result is wildly uneven . 
OBJECTIVE:1 sands also convinces jorge ramirez ( retired-fbi , has old scores to settle with barrillo ) to come out of retirement and take out barrillo and dr . guevera ( personal dr . to barrillo , killed jorge's partner a long time ago ) , who brutally tortured and killed ramirez' fbi partner . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as the years pass by , the aged patricia gets a visit by . . . francis . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the book records the entire history of the universe , revealing to its readers anything they wish to know . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 evans is such a capable storyteller that you find yourself liking him even though he's not exactly likeable . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
SUBJECTIVE:0 stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one thing is for sure : this movie does not tell you a whole lot about lily chou-chou . 
OBJECTIVE:1 based on euripides' immortal drama of the same name , the bacchae ( bahk-ai' ) is an intense and contemporary retelling of the classic myth in which dionysus , son of zeus , seeks vengeance on thebes , the city of his birth and site of his mortal mother semele's cruel and horrible death . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a collage of clichés and a dim echo of allusions to other films . 
OBJECTIVE:1 starting off small , dealing to the high school and college market , kilo discovers the drug business to be very profitable . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest . 
OBJECTIVE:1 faced with cold , hunger and death , afghan children still try to learn , play and enjoy whatever life offers them . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but again , her guardian angel reactivates her will to live . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film starts out as competent but unremarkable . . . and gradually grows into something of considerable power . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in the end , the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you'd expect to see on showtime's 'red shoe diaries . '
OBJECTIVE:1 in a post communist eastern european country in 1996 the food prices are outrageous and times are tough . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's somewhat clumsy and too lethargically paced -- but its story about a mysterious creature with psychic abilities offers a solid build-up , a terrific climax , and some nice chills along the way . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 they're just a couple of cops in copmovieland , these two , but in narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it's offensive , but that it's boring . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things . 
OBJECTIVE:1 red and the boys embark on a road trip across the country , en route to a duct tape festival in the usa , where they intend to win first prize by creating a sculpture made of at least 50% duct tape . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ultimately , the message of trouble every day seems to be that all sexual desire disrupts life's stasis . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story revolves around lucy kelson ( bullock ) , a brilliant but neurotic attorney , and her client ( grant ) , who is " charming , irresponsible and fabulously wealthy . " 
OBJECTIVE:1 but convincing his lifelong friend is just the beginning . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the entertaining new film version of robert ludlum's 1980 spy thriller , the bourne identity , adds a crisp , tangy autumnal feel to the hot dog days of summer moviegoing . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the characters are never more than sketches . . . which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what is 100% missing here is a script of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting . 
OBJECTIVE:1 celebrities are talking about him on mtv and girls are fighting over him on jerry springer . 
OBJECTIVE:1 aliens appear at the un and invite earth to join the galactic federation , there is a catch though , earth has one year to send a team of it's best fighters to represent the palnet in an unarmed combat tournament . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 to the film's credit , the acting is fresh and unselfconscious , and munch is a marvel of reality versus sappy sentiment . 
OBJECTIVE:1 while working a car insurance scam , toni cutter , a female con artist , accidentally turns a routine collision into a fatality and exposes her lawyer and lover , stephen tally , to felony murder charges from the district attorney . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 although very much like the first movie based on j . k . rowling's phenomenal fantasy best sellers , this second go-round possesses a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude . 
OBJECTIVE:1 of course , deeds' sincere naivet&#233 ; has babe falling in love with him instead . 
OBJECTIVE:1 jonathan ecks ( antonio banderas ) , an fbi agent , realizes that he must join with his lifelong enemy , agent sever ( lucy liu ) , a rogue dia agent with whom he is in mortal combat , in order to defeat a common enemy . 
OBJECTIVE:1 simon , an angel sent by god shows jordan a clear path . 
OBJECTIVE:1 daughter from danang tells the dramatic story of one of these children , heidi bub ( a . k . a . mai thi hiep ) , and her vietnamese mother , mai thi kim , separated at the war's end and reunited 22 years later . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's no mistaking the fact that this hybrid misses the impact of the disney classic , and even that of the excellent 1934 mgm version . 
OBJECTIVE:1 scott calvin ( tim allen ) has been santa claus for the past eight years , and his loyal elves consider him the best santa ever . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery . 
OBJECTIVE:1  " the motorcycle diaries " is based on the journals of che geuvara , leader of the cuban revolution . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 high crimes works to keep us involved and make us care . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film's strength isn't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he's full of ideas on how to change brazilian public health , which is being threatened by yellow fever . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game . you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a unique bond was formed between both as he could share with her the intense pain of his unfulfilled love for paro . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the fake " attack " turns into a bloodbath . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 highbrow self-appointed guardians of culture need not apply , but those who loved cool as ice have at last found a worthy follow-up . 
OBJECTIVE:1 during the course of the story we also learn that his father died at age 40 ; and now , as jones approaches his 40th birthday , he suffers from " survivor's guilt . " 
OBJECTIVE:1 in his memoirs , guevara recounts adventures he , and best friend alberto granado , had while crossing south america by motorcycle in the early 1950s . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look . 
OBJECTIVE:1 fallopia offers lizzy the chance to become a pioneer in the most revolutionary field of modern medical science : in-utero advertising . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . surprisingly inert for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but sometimes what we teach our children can be as deadly as not teaching them . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 so mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney won't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the rabbi refuses , but gives goldman peculiar advice on how to do away with her , setting into motion a series of unexpected events . 
OBJECTIVE:1 eventually , she aims to get children with francis and raise them far away from las vegas , at a place , apparently suggested by simon , called " shangri-la " . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film focuses on fatal ( nora zimmett ) , a former heroin addict who , having embraced this dark lifestyle , decides to leave her " family " and break free from the goth world with the help of her college tutor tom ( jeff marchelletta ) . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when he arrives he finds that the cousin has been missing for your years , leaving behind a wife and five daughters living in a small town full of secrets of blackmail and murder . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 malone does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain . but the movie's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the deuces are determined to do whatever is necessary to keep drugs off their block even if that means dying . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it teaches the importance and understanding of life and death . it 
SUBJECTIVE:0 beautifully acted , smart and funny . it steers clear of being a maudlin soap opera normally found on lifetime . 
OBJECTIVE:1 for the next 2 1/2 years , these outrageous drag performers created 20 shows with titles like " a crab on uranus means you're loved " and " tinsel tarts in a hot coma , " and were featured in four underground films . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as comedic spotlights go , notorious c . h . o . hits all the verbal marks it should . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as the sexual revolution blossomed , and porn sub culture flourished john was the man . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 las horas es una de las obras que con mayor apasionamiento reflexiona acerca del hecho de vivir . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a macabre and very stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the two men ( anthony and michael ) are successful in the high tech world of silicon valley , and have known each other since childhood . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 kids surely will like it . and for adults , it's perfectly watchable in a rugrats-y sort of way . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but something is very wrong in single and looking land . 
OBJECTIVE:1 just as steven spielberg directed stanley kubrick's 'a . i . ' , 
OBJECTIVE:1 yet ridiculed on his views toward aids testing by fellow actors and actresses . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one of the pleasures in walter's documentary . . . is the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject's mysterious personality without ever explaining him . 
OBJECTIVE:1 brad , an art student hoping to win a prestigious fellowship , finds his life and career turned upside down when he falls for a faculty member at his college , lisa ducharme , who just happens to be his girlfriend's thesis adviser . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 thornton stars as a man who is free after serving 19 years for killing a teenager during an attempted robbery . 
OBJECTIVE:1 set in 1989 , during the historical week in which the berlin wall came tumbling down . 
OBJECTIVE:1 using only a phone , a polaroid camera and his wits , he reclaims control over his life , transforming himself from pawn to puppet master in a wicked tale of revenge . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 schaefer's . . . determination to inject farcical raunch . . . drowns out the promise of the romantic angle . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as is most commonly case with projects such noble and lofty ambitions , the film is less poetic than simply pretentious . 
OBJECTIVE:1 susie resorts to these to become the most beautiful woman in the world . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie weren't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she befriends with one of the regulars , the well known las vegas-playboy jack hiller ( eddie albert sr . ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera . not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but harper himself is a suspect in several bomb attacks , one of which killed rachel's partner and friend . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why . 
OBJECTIVE:1 her internet conversation takes a severe turn , only to realize that she has opened a door that she's no longer able to shut . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 doesn't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a psychological thriller that doesn't really hold up if you think about it too much , but is nonetheless highly entertaining in a low-budget , david lynch-ian way . 
OBJECTIVE:1 an abused woman ( lopez ) discovers that the dream man ( campbell ) she married wasn't whom she thought he was . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 nothing but an episode of smackdown ! in period costume and with a bigger budget . 
OBJECTIVE:1 nobody chooses to come here , this where they end up . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but billy's not into him ^&#214 ; he's in love with sonny , a musician into sm . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 like the series , the movie is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the ill-conceived modern-day ending falls flat where it should deliver a moral punch . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 little incidents pile up , and eventually what was strange becomes terrifying . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the trail twists and turns until the squad uncovers more than anyone would have ever given them credit for . 
OBJECTIVE:1 william hundert , a retired " old-school " classics teacher is passionate about his subject . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in this action comedy feature film , 'superbob' utilizes his highflying karate mastery and investigative techniques to tackle the ruthless big yard . 
OBJECTIVE:1 divan follows the filmmaker's effort to retrieve a turn-of-the-century family heir loom - a couch . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as a revenge thriller , the movie is serviceable , but it doesn't really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a tale of three women who have reached a turning point in their lives . 
OBJECTIVE:1 life , love , and the fear of failing . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she has returned to her family's house in greece after many of her friends and family members have died over the years . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a fanciful drama about napoleon's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when raj arrives in india , he is struck by tina's beauty but equally as struck to pooja's personality . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 portentous and pretentious , the weight of water is appropriately titled , given the heavy-handedness of it drama . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as 'a perfect family film , ' because it's about family . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when spain and portugal physically separate from the continent , the detached iberian peninsula aimlessly floats off to sea , becoming home to a group of god-like humans . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely . 
OBJECTIVE:1 dead bodies are being found in the new york harbor . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when warren secretly discovers a wedding dress hidden in toni's closet , he realizes he has some serious decisions to make . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 nicholson's understated performance is wonderful . as warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he's neglected over the years . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 even the finest chef can't make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog , and robert de niro can't make this movie anything more than a trashy cop buddy comedy . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a strange film employing old home movies and newly shot footage in an effort to expose one hungarian family and their mutiple problems from the 1940s to current . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 enjoy it for what it is ; you can hate yourself later . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what's most unusual about beijing bicycle in terms of recent chinese history is that any form of class conflict is depicted at all . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is the kind of movie that used to be right at home at the saturday matinee , and it still is . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's the type of film about growing up that we don't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an operatic , sprawling picture that's entertainingly acted , magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute length . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 writhing under dialogue like 'you're from two different worlds' and 'tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are , ' this schlock-filled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 naipaul fans may be disappointed . those who are not acquainted with the author's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep . 
OBJECTIVE:1 stranded on a lonely road , a schoolbus full of high school basketball players , their coaches , and cheerleaders must defend themselves from the creeper - a flesh-eating ancient beast that resurfaces on the earth every 23 years to feed . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 da primeira seqüência de luta à piada que encerra a história , o espectador jamais desgruda os olhos da tela , saindo do cinema com a sensação de que gastou bem seu dinheiro . 
OBJECTIVE:1 los angeles' little tokyo's foremost studio photographer , miyatake smuggled a lens and film holder into the u . s . wwii camp he was incarcerated in and captured life behind barbed wire with a makeshift camera made of scrap wood . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when the chemical sisters , montreal's fabulous club kid duo find an unconscious naked boy on their way out from yet another jetset event , they decide to bring him home and take matters into their own glittery hands . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they feel they are at the end of their rope and know they need a big stash of cash to make their musical dreams a reality . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 nothing's at stake , just a twisty double-cross you can smell a mile away--still , the derivative nine queens is lots of fun . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's a sweetness to it that's disarming and diverting -- mostly thanks to performances of slater , richard dreyfuss as his partner in crime , and portia di rossi as dreyfuss' daughter . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a corrupt cop is more interested in the money on the criminals he catches than justice ; a young woman discovers she's pregnant , and her boyfriend is unfeeling ; and a young man calls a prostitute it's the first time for both , and neither can go through with it . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 worth catching for griffiths' warm and winning central performance . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old's suicidal poetry . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain . 
OBJECTIVE:1 carol miller is a psychologist with a dark secret . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a year after her long time boyfriend showed up at his surprise birthday party with an uninvited date , laura hits rock bottom and decides to try her luck at a dating agency . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there's something about mary co-writer ed decter . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the campy results make mel brooks' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he soon finds himself plunged into a mystery only to find himself at the heart of it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 their one song rarely - if ever - gets played on the radio . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 traffics in the kind of prechewed racial clichés that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this won't seem like such a bore . 
OBJECTIVE:1 at the end of the 80s they went their separate ways with the exception of tim and hotte , who have remained true to their ideals and continue to fight the issues they did as a group . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux . 
OBJECTIVE:1 kimberly corman and her friends decide to head out on a trip . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for a debut film , skin of man , heart of beast feels unusually assured . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they have 3 weeks until the next full moon to find the madman , but an innocent blind woman has found him first . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the whole time your poison thoughts were running through it ! 
OBJECTIVE:1 together they find out , much to their horror , that all the housewives are strangely blissful , and somehow . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 so , alexi starts to bribe members of the different teams to cause more trouble than necessary on the field , and the viewers love it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 fame hungry roxie hart dreams of a life on the vaudville stage , and spends her nights jazzing it up in the bright lights of chicago , continually hoping that she'll find her lucky break , and be shot into 1920's stardom , so able to flee her boring husband amos . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie occasionally threatens to become didactic , but it's too grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge . a touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it is a dark comedy that challenges the traditional ideas of marriage and questions the societal values of money and sex . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it tells of his life as a bushranger in north-west victoria , where he lived all his life . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a belgian gem on the twilight existence of four sisters of a certain age drawn together reluctantly by the need to care for one of their number . 
OBJECTIVE:1 back when the earth was being overrun by glaciers , and animals were scurrying to save themselves from the upcoming ice age , a stupid sloth named sid , a woolly mammoth named manny , a saber-toothed tiger named diego , and an acorn-loving saber-toothed squirrel named scrat are forced to become unlikely heroes . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue . 
OBJECTIVE:1 with few tools for an escape , dave instead happens upon a tempestuous beauty in a laundromat named ruby . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after confidential ( and shameful ) information was released by british authorities , this amazing story of survival was finally confirmed . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the cousins work nights at a local mall as security guards . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 when so many hollywood films actively discourage higher brain functions , you have to give changing lanes credit for giving you food for thought . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he follows them into a cave with a mysterious blue light and it turns out he is following h . g . wells , who , in turn , is on a time travel chase of dr . noah , a brilliant scientist who has gone mad with the intentions on destroying the world . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 lovers of the original the silence of the lambs will be ecstatic to see that cinematic lightning can strike twice . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if the film had been in less-capable hands , the subject matter could have easily lent itself to eye-rolling ridicule , but huppert and haneke manage to keep the credibility intact , at least up to a point . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 gooding is the energetic frontman , and it's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences . 
OBJECTIVE:1 paravasu's young brother arvasu ( milind soman ) is in love with a tribal girl , nittilai ( sonali kulkarni ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he comes back , calling himself the master , and becomes a charismatic spiritual leader , running a teen shelter in hollywood . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they all died 48 hours after logging on to a site named feardotcom . com . 
OBJECTIVE:1  " issaquena " chronicles the decay of a wealthy mississippi delta family in the 1930's . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the pianist is a fine valedictory work for polanski , made richer by his own experiences , making his other movies somehow richer in the bargain . 
OBJECTIVE:1 once they begin towing the ghost ship towards harbor , a series of bizarre ocurrences happen and the group becomes trapped inside the ship , which they soon learn is inhabited by a demonic creature . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there is a genius to ( this ) experimental and utterly surreal historical epic that has nothing to do with the fact that it was shot in one uninterrupted , mind-boggling take . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 provides an intriguing look at how the new economy has redrawn class lines in contemporary china . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 tsai ming-liang's ghosts are painfully aware of their not-being . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish . yep , it's " waking up in reno . " go back to sleep . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a communion wafer without the wine . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 charles' entertaining film chronicles seinfeld's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom , alongside wannabe comic adams' attempts to get his shot at the big time . 
OBJECTIVE:1 unaware that they're transporting a cache' of money , along with jimmy hoffa's finger ( street valued at $25 mil ) , they find themselves thwarting pursuers as they manipulate their way out west . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 douglas mcgrath's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be done cinematically . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 try as you might to resist , if you've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson , this movie will worm its way there . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this action-thriller/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage . 
OBJECTIVE:1 we follow the wacky exploits of the town's inhabitants from sassy saloon girls and amazonian behemoth parrots to hypnotist dentists and 400-pound tooth fairies . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a simmering psychological drama in which the bursts of sudden violence are all the more startling for the slow buildup that has preceded them . 
OBJECTIVE:1 naxalites are becoming more and more popular among tribles because of their capacity to give instant justice and more and more youths are joining them . 
OBJECTIVE:1 at the end a 50-foot high , neon-lit , wooden effigy is burned , igniting a wild , tribal , all-night celebration . 
OBJECTIVE:1 dr . kanna &#38 ; rupi are childhood lovers and made for each other . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an amusing , even joyful second take on e . b . white's beloved children's book . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 national lampoon's van wilder was better than we expected ; a 'not a total waste of money' kind of dateflick for those just hitting pre-collegiate years . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it would seem that nothing is capable of distracting scotty johns from working on his much-anticipated second book . 
OBJECTIVE:1 being blue is not his only predicament ; he also lacks the ability to outwardly express his emotions . 
OBJECTIVE:1 dizzy then gets noticed by the head cheerleader , danielle , and helps the school football team gain self-respect to win games . 
OBJECTIVE:1 by the early '80s , the golden boy of hollywood was losing his luster . 
OBJECTIVE:1 peter parker must now juggle three things in his life ; his new job at the local newspaper under a perpetually on-edge employer , his battle against the evil green goblin , and his fight to win the affections of beautiful classmate mary jane watson , against none other than his best friend harry osborn , son of norman osborn ! 
OBJECTIVE:1 at the same time , two hitmen wants get him wacked . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 shadyac , who belongs with the damned for perpetrating patch adams , trots out every ghost trick from the sixth sense to the mothman prophecies . 
OBJECTIVE:1 desperate to help her father , katie enlists the help of her two best friends , clay and austin , in a wild plan to rob the bank where her mother works . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story begins in the demilitarised zone between north and south korea with a spectacular high-speed hovercraft chase and continues via hong kong to cuba and london where bond meets up with the two ladies who are to play such important and differing roles in his quest to unmask a traitor and to prevent a war of catastrophic consequence . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it has plenty of laughs . it just doesn't have much else . . . especially in a moral sense . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 more concerned with sade's ideas than with his actions . the movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as . . . [quills] did by showing them . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 not only does this musical documentary showcase a band that's at the top of its form . . . it also serves as indictment of the ridiculously shallow , pre-fab music industry in general . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 me without you has a bracing truth that's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this ensemble comedy tells ten separate ( but intertwining ) stories of love in london ( with a small portion set in france ) , leading up to a big climax on christmas eve . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you're going to feel like you weren't invited to the party . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they quickly realize that the answer to their problems and the key to their happiness do not lie in achieving a perfect score . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale's tale -- you won't be sorry ! 
OBJECTIVE:1 and a lyrical portrait of the ever-present guardians who preserve life's natural harmony . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but as each retreats into their private worlds of fantasy , a much more lively story unfolds - a story of confrontations that should have happened , of secrets that need to be revealed . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as tweedy talks about canning his stockbroker and repairing his pool , you yearn for a few airborne tv sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when they try to collect a debt from the boss of a rival gang , a fight erupts and jie shoots the gang-boss . 
OBJECTIVE:1 what if your most controversial act turned out to be the most traditional thing in the world ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for each chuckle there are at least 10 complete misses , many coming from the amazingly lifelike tara reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 here's my advice , kev . start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line . 
OBJECTIVE:1 his father , aglanar , was happy at his birth that he would have a strong and honorable son to carry on the traditions of the valley . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 august -- a pupil of ingmar bergman's -- manages to tell a tragic tale while avoiding the heavy-laden angst of a bergman film . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 worth seeing once , but its charm quickly fades . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story is set against a relationship that forms between the american hustler boy and a brazilian teenage girl who must help each other survive the drug gang-controlled slums of rio de janeiro . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [russell] makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film shows the relationship of the couple in love mid hope , difficulties , and misencounters in a beautiful and violent metropolis . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 read my lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this documentary by stacy peralta makes a convincing case on behalf of skateboarding , of all things , as a catalyst for this change , and for some delinquent youths in a derelict los angeles neighborhood as its agents . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this fairy tale beginning freefalls from happy to disastrous as the newlyweds are besieged by emotionally challenged children , a savagily jealous ex-wife and a drunken dad . 
OBJECTIVE:1 that is , until the villainous captain hook mistakes her for wendy and abducts her to never land in an attempt to lure and capture peter pan . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a simple , sometimes maddeningly slow film that has just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting , but is ultimately pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity within . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a gorgeous , high-spirited musical from india that exquisitely blends music , dance , song , and high drama . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film serves as a valuable time capsule to remind us of the devastating horror suffered by an entire people . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 kudos to director doug liman for injecting textbook spy fare with slick intelligence and a truckload of tension . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the transfer to the imax screen diminishes none of the film's drama , which was always much more about human emotions than technology . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 watching haneke's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment . but watching huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role , is riveting . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this dark bittersweet drama focuses on roberta , a 350-lb secretary who loses her job and learns she is dying on the same day . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 no such thing may be far from perfect , but those small , odd hartley touches help you warm to it . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 when in doubt , the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip . or else a doggie winks . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 sounding like arnold schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , [ahola] has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that doesn't produce any real transformation . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the assembled team includes local guide clayton tyne ( russel ferrier ) , renowned wilderness expert and author winston burg ( phil granger ) and the beautiful marla lawson ( andrea roth ) . 
OBJECTIVE:1 amongst the excitement of rediscovering old friendships , no one minds that a snowstorm has cut them off from the rest of the outside world . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 merchant hasn't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the two are catapulted into the chase of their lifetimes in pursuit of the kidnapped professor and the lost temple . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights . 
OBJECTIVE:1 an offbeat horror tale about a group of five college friends on vacation at a remote mountain cabin when one contracts a flesh-eating virus . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the family come from a long line of masters of disguise who are able to mask themselves as almost anyone or anything by harnessing the great power of energico . 
OBJECTIVE:1 halpern and rolov follow three young men : 23-year old straight-laced circuit virgin , brandon ; 21-year old party boy with a drug problem , tone ; and sensitive but strong-willed 19-year old , jon . 
OBJECTIVE:1 forced with the ultimatum , keith launches himself on a day of reclamation . 
OBJECTIVE:1 so when he meets the mysterious professor darabont who offers him a very well paying job to transport sealed packages across the mexican border , morales cannot refuse . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's hard to fairly judge a film like ringu when you've seen the remake first . many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , [yet] are worthwhile . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they'll wind up together , and michele's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest . 
OBJECTIVE:1 bobby quickly learns however , that smith is no regular john , and their meeting has unintended consequences that neither of them is prepared to afford . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 slowly but surely devolves into a fascinating , cringe-inducing portrait of cultural solipsism , climaxing in an emotional meltdown that wouldn't look out of place in mid-period cassavetes . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors . 
OBJECTIVE:1 mason novel follows a british officer who resigns his post right before his regiment ships out to battle the rebels . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the republic of vermont lasted from 1777-1791 when it became the 14th state . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 showtime's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment . those who trek to the 'plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr . de niro . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish . 
OBJECTIVE:1 these blow up another ship with jews , deports and jails the atlantic's refugees in palestine , and then deports them to far-off mauritius islands for 5 years in jail : until the end of the war . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 fans of the tv series will be disappointed , and everyone else will be slightly bored . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it is in this great maritime empire , where opulence rhymes with tolerance , that isabel organizes secret passages for refugees fleeing the inquisition while clara falls in love with a venetian noble , paolo zane . 
OBJECTIVE:1 babe , a television tabloid reporter , poses as an innocent small-town girl to do an expos&#233 ; on deeds . 
OBJECTIVE:1 lydia , marco's girlfriend and a bullfighter by profession , has been gored and is in a coma . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood isn't going to jell . 
OBJECTIVE:1 years after escaping to the wastelands outside the city , claire , one of the few people left who is not an addict , returns looking for the one man who still matters to her . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i still can't relate to stuart : he's a mouse , for cryin' out loud , and all he does is milk it with despondent eyes and whine that nobody treats him human enough . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the webster family stopped having christmas together several years ago when the fighting and accidents became too much . 
OBJECTIVE:1 rajput then gets together a team of three blind men vishwas prajapati ( akshay kumar ) , arjun verma ( arjun rampal ) and ilias ( paresh rawal ) who will help him obtain his vengeance and make a heap of money at the same time . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in imax in short , it's just as wonderful on the big screen . 
OBJECTIVE:1 only to find that once their friendship is threatened by a traumatic circumstance , they are reunited by having to support and love each other to realise their eternal bond . 
OBJECTIVE:1 her cathexis was rapid and she formed an intense attachment to her young doctor , who seems to have reciprocated . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if this dud had been made in the '70s , it would have been called the hills have antlers and played for about three weeks in drive-ins . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 kung pow is oedekerk's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but soon they recieve a " sign " and are called back into action as a pastor is murdered in a boston church and the crime scene is staged to make it look like the work of the saints . 
OBJECTIVE:1 isabel ( rica ) and clara ( maui ) , two childhood friends separated by fate . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the plants are the only break in the grey monotony around her . 
OBJECTIVE:1  " cold mountain " tells the story of a wounded confederate soldier named inman ( jude law ) who struggles on a perilous journey to get back home to cold mountain , n . c . as well as to ada ( nicole kidman ) , the woman he left behind before going off to fight in the civil war . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ~a contract brings them together in bucharest : a rigged attack on a romanian general standing for election , an attack during which they will let themselves be killed . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the result is good gossip , entertainingly delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness . 
OBJECTIVE:1 also henry coville , an inscrutable professional whiskey-runner , and rat kinneson , quebec bill's perpetually disconsolate hired man . 
OBJECTIVE:1 siddalee , a famous new york playwright , is quoted in time magazine and infuriates her dramatic , southern mother . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the sra's act as 'portals' on the internet , helping users to fulfill their dreams . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but hamilton high is about to become an all too real battleground when a well-organized group of killers armed with automatic weapons and explosives invade the supposedly deserted school after hours to use it as an operating base for meticulously planned armored car robbery . 
OBJECTIVE:1 danny , who gets paranoid and makes a scene while they watch " der lift " ( a black &#38 ; white german horror movie ) and hallucinates about being the actor in the film ( ricardo mamood ) , has not the courage to face a girl half his age . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a modest pleasure that accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ' . . . the film's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
OBJECTIVE:1 just when it seems martha's influence may be having a favorable effect on greg's attitude , his old ways win out . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a dizzying digital video oddyssey through the snowy woods of upstate new york . 
OBJECTIVE:1 pursued by immigration service and later arrested , he is about to be deported . 
OBJECTIVE:1 stir in some language barriers , cultural faux pas and a bright , young japanese female undergrad , and the intensity of the experience heightens to comical proportions . 
OBJECTIVE:1 disillusioned and with no money the secret knight joins the crusaders and embarks on new adventures . 
OBJECTIVE:1 at the same time , scientist and businessman norman osborn , after exposure to an experimental nerve gas , develops an alternate personality himself ; the super-strong , psychotic green goblin ! 
OBJECTIVE:1 veteran film director matty bonkers ( bob rafelson ) , a hollywood legend , arrives in berlin for an honorary retrospective tribute . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a whimsical if predictable time-travel fable marred by a willful single-mindedness . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 evokes a little of the fear that parents have for the possible futures of their children--and the sometimes bad choices mothers and fathers make in the interests of doing them good . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as a kind of colorful , dramatized pbs program , frida gets the job done . but , for that , why not watch a documentary ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 he accidentally discovers that the chinese mafia , the tong , is using his newly discovered ancient chinese artifacts to hide and smuggle narcotics across the border . 
OBJECTIVE:1 then after rumers spread that he was a communist he was blacklisted from hollywood forever . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he'll do anything to make her love him again . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the people in dogtown and z-boys are so funny , aggressive and alive , you have to watch them because you can't wait to see what they do next . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the problem is that rather than dramatizing this premise , mr . desplechin is content to state it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 former world-rallye-champion walter and his daughter natascha are kidnapped by arab terrorists and brought to berlin . 
OBJECTIVE:1 one day , in a moment of reconciling , the father tells mateo his secret , unleashing a wave of events that will change their lives forever . 
OBJECTIVE:1 three astronauts crash land on an earth-like planet after returning from a 7-year long expedition to ganymede . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 call it magic realism or surrealism , but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but now , hell is coming back as that black haired , winged creature of doom that kyle described is coming back to town . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after an assassination attempt on the life of senator padme amidala ( natalie portman ) , jedi obi-wan kenobi ( ewan mcgregor ) and his padawan learner anakin skywalker ( hayden christensen ) are sent to investigate . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 like the best war movies -- and like martial literature going back to the iliad -- it balances the dreadful , unassuageable cruelty of warfare and the valor and decency of those who fight . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as they sort out clues - it's a slight person , perhaps a woman , who walks with a leg brace and rides the bus - they also find a mutual attraction . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 'blue crush' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award . 
OBJECTIVE:1 detective kang goes about his new job buoyantly and enthusiastically . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in their own words , and not a moment too soon - 'broadway' tells the stories of our theatrical legends , how they came to new york , and how they created this legendary century in american theatre . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in verifying information , she interviews the narrator and becomes his lover . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 that we are not the target and still got ninety percent of it is a compliment to director charles stone iii and screenwriters matthew cirulnick and thulani davis who whipped the original story into coherent shape . 
OBJECTIVE:1 majid majidi interviews peasants , soldiers , youngsters , women , elderly and gives a special attention to the children's extraordinary resilience as they are confronted with the emotional and physical turmoil of war . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see . 
OBJECTIVE:1 keith tells his wife karen , ( dana delaney ) about the jewellery and that is the last straw . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one regards reign of fire with awe . what a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ben affleck as jack ryan , tom clancy's intrepid hero ? ridiculous . what's next ? d . j . qualls as indiana jones ? or tom green as han solo ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 the only hope is the veritas project , a highly trained investigative team working undercover to expose the truth . 
OBJECTIVE:1 with a cast of non-actors , drawn from the very world which the film portrays , 'shooters' is not just another british genre gangster film - it's a film about real british gangsters . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a gob of drivel so sickly sweet , even the eager consumers of moore's pasteurized ditties will retch it up like rancid crème brûlée . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she's aided by his faithful bodyguard , with whom she soon falls in love . 
OBJECTIVE:1 thinking this will be his chance to go out on top victor soon finds out that he has been double crossed and his last option is to get revenge . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the marquis de sade couldn't have been as dull a person as this film makes him out to be . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when mcconaughey's girlfriend ( played by kate beckinsale ) becomes pregnant , the pair are fearful that the baby will inherit the oldman gene . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they wander around japan in panda outfits , wreak havoc on a once civilized golf court , they even do stunts involving live alligators , and so on . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film isn't especially dynamic , but it brims with insightful , poignant memories from survivors . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in there's something about mary and devise a parallel clone-gag . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what's at stake in this film is nothing more than an obsolete , if irritating , notion of class . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the small daily routines of everyday life are not as clear and obvious as one might think . 
OBJECTIVE:1 to the horror of her friends and pumpkin's overprotective mother , carolyn falls in love , becoming an outcast in the process . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it has charm to spare , and unlike many romantic comedies , it does not alienate either gender in the audience . 
OBJECTIVE:1 his dreams seemingly become shattered as caroline is married and has a daughter . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they both end up experiencing more excitement than mickey could ever conjure in orlando , when they meet up with bad guys and a legendary creature . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 both flawed and delayed , martin scorcese's gangs of new york still emerges as his most vital work since goodfellas . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon didn't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 chabrol ratchets up such a level of suspense -- and huppert gives such a mesmerizingly deadpan performance -- that merci pour le chocolat turns out to be as irresistible as a piece of dark chocolate . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what's next ? the porky's revenge : ultimate edition ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 sitting through the last reel ( spoiler alert ! ) is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when images of nicholas's absent father start to appear to him , the boy is understandably frightened . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in a generation of individuals , they struggle to choose love . 
OBJECTIVE:1 eventually , nicholas runs away with schoolmate smike , and the two set off to reunite the nickleby family . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 never mind whether you buy the stuff about barris being a cia hit man . the kooky yet shadowy vision clooney sustains throughout is daring , inventive and impressive . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the action of the story derives from the collision of these two competing worlds . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie . . . is , also , frequently hilarious . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as laughable is his vanity fair interview , incriminating of " the gay mafia " for his fall , " my dinner with ovitz " is even funnier as it rams the actual interview headlong into coppola's " godfather . " 
OBJECTIVE:1 john , a computer whiz on the rebound from a disastrous break-up , starts an adult internet site with his roommate , moe . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after being arrested , a young street-racing addict attempts to avoid the pitfalls of his illegal pastime . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year . if you're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 mr . deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor . 
OBJECTIVE:1 soon jonah embarks on an adventure that leads him into the belly of a whale , and to the heart of nineveh for a hilarious showdown . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the writers , director wally wolodarsky , and all the actors should start their own coeducational fraternity : kappa rho alpha phi . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the story and characters are nowhere near gripping enough . 
OBJECTIVE:1 despite guidance from the blue fairy , and the love of his father , gepetto , a wooden puppet's curious spirit leads him into one wild adventure after another . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 though there are many tense scenes in trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful . 
OBJECTIVE:1 three teenagers hit a homeless girl with their car , scared , they drive away , leaving the girl to die on the streets . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . there's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy . 
OBJECTIVE:1 tess and her daughter anna are always fighting and they think each other don't see how hard their life is . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she spends her days catering to edgar's whims and fighting off lame advances from his taciturn partner in crime , flowers ( arie verveen ) . 
OBJECTIVE:1 aussie adventurer steve irwin aka the crocodile hunter has avoided the death-roll and nabbed another feisty croc , hoping to save it from poachers . 
OBJECTIVE:1 anna strikes a deal with vikrant that he'll kill guru and acquire the prize money offered by him . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the process , he comes to understand that if he is to make it as a comic artist , he must engage with the community he comes from , take that experience back out into the world , and put it in his work . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the they also find themselves in a battle to hold on to their discovery before it falls into the hands of their rival , fergus wolfe . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it trusts the story it sets out to tell . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a situation or activity specially suited to a person's abilities or character . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they discover that the one sho stole them is a rival of the criminal , while they go to every single one of his associates to find who has them . 
OBJECTIVE:1 bear has never gotten over the separation from his wife and daughter after having been convicted for armed robbery and homicide and sent to prison . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 turns out to be a nifty swashbuckler whose plot easily could have been lifted from a number of douglas fairbanks silent pictures . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but can handsome convince his pals to pull off one last , great cheat with him and outsmarting stark and the system , even if it means possibly destroying their friendships ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this throws him in with the minister's daughter , you guessed it , the mousy seemingly awkward yet beautiful girl with an angelic heart , and she sings too . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they succeed in blowing up what they believe to be the main operations room , but are soon forced to make their escape as the entire compound unexpectedly erupts with gunfire and explosions . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film focuses on a morally conscious assassin called quinn . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 frailty isn't as gory or explicit . but in its child-centered , claustrophobic context , it can be just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 certainly no biopic , nijinsky is short on facts , but long on expression . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a malediction passed from generation to generation has it that any woman in her family who sings will die . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . too sappy for its own good . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's all gratuitous before long , as if schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . with " the bourne identity " we return to the more traditional action genre . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it is the story of ronwell quincy dobbs ( david cross ) , who has a unique talent for getting arrest . 
OBJECTIVE:1 only a little later , johnathan's life is already in extreme danger as well as those of his friends and teammates . 
OBJECTIVE:1 murbah swamp beer is a documentary about an event that could only happen in australia . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 destined to make allen's fans around the world giggle , guffaw and shiver with delight . 
OBJECTIVE:1 during an undercover drug buy mitch was working that trey botched by calling in for backup and drawing media attention , mitch's partner is shot with a very exotic 12-gauge automatic weapon ; mitch then shoots the video camera out of the hands of a reporter filming the action when the cameraman refused to shut it down . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 davis has energy , but she doesn't bother to make her heroine's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a take on the classic tale 'the boy who cried wolf' , 'big fat liar' is about a 14-year-old boy named jason shephard ( frankie muniz ) who lies for the fun of it . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the events of the film are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the rare movie that's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it's based . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [green is] the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i'm just about ready to go to the u . n . and ask permission for a preemptive strike . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling . 
OBJECTIVE:1 eric , of course , deep down , wants to do it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 everywhere he goes he is plagued by cats and when by chance he meets carol on a lonely highway they must begin a journey , avoiding the mysterious private detective mr barlow and the terrifying inhuman creature jack , to uncover the dark truth to charlie's life . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a very proactive enviromental story about the power of the world , and how it must change . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film is divided into three stories , each associated with one of the three main ideologies of the 20th century : fascism , communism &#38 ; liberalism . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 that storytelling has value cannot be denied . not even solondz's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in event of death of any of the inheritors' death , a death certificate has to be produced to the bank . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they came to pray , but instead they end up in the middle of an unpleasant religious argument as they suddenly get interrupted by a mystical appearance : is it god ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
SUBJECTIVE:0 the determination of pinochet's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he comes to the terrible realization that he has never held his mothers right hand . 
OBJECTIVE:1 amid a towering forest of shimmering crystals , they begin to explore this ancient marvel . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 time stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a provocative movie about loss , anger , greed , jealousy , sickness and love . 
OBJECTIVE:1 albert is goaded by the other prisoners in the cells around him into telling the story ( in flashbacks ) of what happened when he encountered prisoner mark david chapman , the man who killed john lennon . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in a world where loyalties are easily abandoned and allegiances bought , six perfect strangers come together to pull off the perfect crime . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 never again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted . 
OBJECTIVE:1 isidor's tortilla heaven is the best restaurant in new mexico maybe even the world . 
OBJECTIVE:1 we see the action of the book as we see kaufman struggle to adapt it into a movie . 
OBJECTIVE:1 now he is out , to finally get his cut of the money and reunite with his family , or at least avenge the damage done . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie is a desperate miscalculation . it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie addresses a hungry need for pg-rated , nonthreatening family movies , but it doesn't go too much further . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie itself is timeless and universal , at once artless and sophisticated in its ability to engross . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this seventh feature by chicago director covert uses the freedom of access afforded by the digital camera to emphasize the visceral quality of the story . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story focuses on an ambitious young executive , amanda , who inherits a lovely b&#38 ; b on a remote island in maine when her grandmother dies . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 does what a fine documentary does best : it extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 you don't know whether to admire the film's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace . or both . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 russian ark moves beyond a simple technical exercise and into the realm of greatness . it's a masterpiece on every level . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the contents of which will decide the fate of a nation . 
OBJECTIVE:1 george , a handsome english knight , unsettled by the horrendous bloodletting he witnessed in palestine , desires to hang up his sword and settle down to a quiet , peaceful life . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a greek film maker ( the narrator ) has his film banned by the military government in his own country . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but he doesn't plan on the long line of other houseguests that try to keep him from his mission . 
OBJECTIVE:1 long before the first exorcist , we are taken to the birth of the demon pazuzu , and follow him through his life , eventually bringing us to the middle east where he waits for a victim to use as a vehcile to destroy the world with . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [nesbitt's is] one of those performances that simply 'is . '
OBJECTIVE:1 his surrounding is a peaceful dreamplace called " shangri-la " . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 to portray modern women the way director davis has done is just unthinkable . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they must begin a journey , avoiding the mysterious detective mr barlow and the terrifying inhuman jack , to uncover the dark truth to charlie's life . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they try real deal get rich quick schemes but nothing pans out . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [shyamalan] continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it made me want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . a vast adventure that bristles with romance , action and heroism . 
OBJECTIVE:1 many years have passed since the secret knight avenged his family by slaying the evil knight . 
OBJECTIVE:1 at this far away place he bares his inside . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in dogville trier works extensively with light , sound , score and music to obtain and heighten dramatic atmosphere . 
OBJECTIVE:1 dennis clegg is in his thirties and lives in a halfway house for the mentally ill in london . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 funny in a sick , twisted sort of way . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys' direction is clever and insightful . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if you haven't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg's work . much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story of the couple is told to a woman in a nursing home ( rowlands ) by an old man who regularly visits to read her the story from a notebook . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 despite a quieter middle section , involving aragorn's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship . there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as the man descends in to the afterworld , he slowly discovers the answer to the ultimate question of mankind . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ultimately she discovers that what appears on the surface to be true quite often is not . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he then dedicates himself to making sure the video tape is released to the public . 
OBJECTIVE:1 november 1918 the army of soviet union conquers narva&#180 ; s and petser&#180 ; s cities in spite of their peaceful announcements . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 desta vez , columbus capturou o pomo de ouro . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a magnificent conjuring act , an eerie historical mirage evoked in a single sweeping wave of the hand by alexander sokurov . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again , but the bourne identity proves that a fresh take is always possible . 
OBJECTIVE:1 trouble comes when tom ex girlfriend reappears , asking for help , announcing him that she had a girl from him 9 years ago . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 behind the snow games and lovable siberian huskies ( plus one sheep dog ) , the picture hosts a parka-wrapped dose of heart . 
OBJECTIVE:1 meanwhile an unspoken attraction develops between joe and ella , heightening the claustrophobic tensions in the confined space of the barge . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . its stupidities wind up sticking in one's mind a lot more than the cool bits . 
OBJECTIVE:1 life is not easy when you are called aksel and you're a danish kid who loves meatballs . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in order to preserve her art and also herself , beyond death , for all posterity , she has herself cloned . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he is imprisoned , awaiting the death sentence for his crimes . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i was perplexed to watch it unfold with an astonishing lack of passion or uniqueness . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the complex computer shuts down the base to prevent infection . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a film that perfectly distills the relationship between pop music and teens searching for identity . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  " maid in manhattan " is a charmer , a pc " pretty woman " that ditches the odious prostitution theme for class commentary
SUBJECTIVE:0 an exceedingly clever piece of cinema . another great ‘what you don't see' is much more terrifying than what you do see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
SUBJECTIVE:0 perhaps no picture ever made has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it mixes real news reports with actors portraying friends , family , cops , killers , and other laramie residents in their own words . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as in his other searingly intelligent docs , dong presents the facts in an admirably clear-eyed way . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a film that's flawed and brilliant in equal measure . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she and her daughter flee to find sylvie's first love in the countryside . 
OBJECTIVE:1 claire has a great job , great friends , and a great marriage . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what might've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ploddy and his policeman rikhard set out to find the thieves - but it turns out to be both difficult and challenging ! 
OBJECTIVE:1 engine and ladder company members talk about the day of the attack , how those events have affected their lives and most importantly pay tribute to their fallen fellow firefighters . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it deals with a whole lot of fun , romance and suspense . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 suffers from a flat script and a low budget . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but before he is able to set out on his expedition , the professor , along with the tablet , are taken hostage by a group of mercenaries , led by the vicious philipe gallo . 
OBJECTIVE:1 rudy yellowshirt is an investigator with the police department and witnesses firsthand the painful legacy of indian existence . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the action-packed caper revolves around a 12-year old girl who , with the help of two friends , robs the state-of-the-art bank where her mother works to acquire the cash needed for a costly operation to save her dying father . 
OBJECTIVE:1 writer-director steven soderbergh follows up ocean's 11 with the low-budget 'full frontal' , his first digitally shot film . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's like an all-star salute to disney's cheesy commercialism . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series . 
OBJECTIVE:1 having given permission to male nurse greg focker to marry his daughter , ex-cia man jack byrnes and his wife travel to detroit to greg's parents , who this time around are mr . and mrs . focker , who are as different from them as can be . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ' . . . both hokey and super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry , so sit back , relax and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat . '
OBJECTIVE:1 the hilarity belies the poignancy of truth and love and the laughter is punctuated with honesty , tenderness and pain . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there is a refreshing absence of cynicism in stuart little 2--quite a rarity , even in the family film market . eventually , it wins you over . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he awakes to what appears to be the next morning only to find that he is one year into the future and is an escaped convict for the murder of his fianc&#233 ; e . 
OBJECTIVE:1 moreover , he strongly believes in moulding his students by using principles . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for the future , one hopes mr . plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she spends the night with pqd , one of the musicians . 
OBJECTIVE:1 sixteen years later , germany , in the ruhrpott , to be exact : orphan t&#252 ; rlich and his friend josch are working their civil service , yet cause so much chaos that they decide to flee instead of being forced into the army . 
OBJECTIVE:1 of course love does triumph in the end , but it is found by the heart and only after the age-old adage of " to thine own self be true " is learned by one and all . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 those who savor well-drawn characters and exotic locales will find the touch of the mystic masseur to be most pleasurable indeed . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the dons have their own hierarchal manipulations - chotte baba ( jackie shroff ) , medium baba ( gulshan grover ) and bade baba ( amitabh bachchan ) . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the elders hope to return home quickly but their new friend has other plans . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as she is questioned after the events by the subtle and manipulative dr . cleave , we learn how she found love only by losing any contact with respectable life and any semblance of propriety . 
OBJECTIVE:1 meanwhile , a clothing store employee ( rachel leigh cook ) has plans for revenge against a local millionaire ( john cleese ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 resident evil is what comes from taking john carpenter's ghosts of mars and eliminating the beheadings . in other words , about as bad a film you're likely to see all year . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 may be far from the best of the series , but it's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 reinforces the often forgotten fact of the world's remarkably varying human population and mindset , and its capacity to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 though the controversial korean filmmaker's latest effort is not for all tastes , it offers gorgeous imagery , effective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 resident evil may be brain dead but it's great popcorn entertainment nonetheless . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an impossible romance , but we root for the patronized iranian lad . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 payami is to be applauded for taking biting potshots at such volatile issues as iran's outmoded electoral process and women's status as second-class citizens . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 pete's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the last executioners of germany , the former east germany , france , hungary , yugoslavia and romania have faced the camera . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they follow him to las vegas , where he is ostensibly doing " research " for the next season , but is actually pursuing a dream to become a dancer in a vegas show . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but freddy's plans don't go according to schedule when jason discovers that he has been manipulated , which really sends him over the egde . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 tim allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she meets noble , an endearing bundle of tragic flaws , and sparks fly between these two lost but likeable souls . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in adobo , ethnicity is not just the spice , but at the heart of more universal concerns . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the three roommates have proudly scammed their way through the last four years of college and now , during the final exams , these big-men-on-campus are about to be busted by the most unlikely dude in school . 
OBJECTIVE:1 torn between his father's dream of making a hospital ( which he can realize by marrying sonia ) and his own personal emotions for dr . neha , akash has to choose either . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 wanker goths are on the loose ! run for your lives ! 
OBJECTIVE:1 blade then tenuously enters into an alliance with the bloodpack , an elite team of vampires trained in all modes of combat to defeat the reaper threat . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the very definition of the 'small' movie , but it is a good stepping stone for director sprecher . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film sometimes flags . . . but there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace . 
OBJECTIVE:1 most of the information discussed in this portion of the film has never been made public before . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 highly irritating at first , mr . koury's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film might have been more satisfying if it had , in fact , been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it does what good films do best ; that is to provoke us , push our buttons , make us think and maybe even entertain us in the process . 
OBJECTIVE:1 mitch is left for dead in the desert--or so they think--rescued and nursed back to health by a gorgeous women named , angela rose ( nicole austin ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this film was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers . for the rest of us , sitting through dahmer's two hours amounts to little more than punishment . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the character is too forced and overwritten to be funny or believable much of the time , and clayburgh doesn't always improve the over-the-top mix . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but things are not always what they may look like . 
OBJECTIVE:1 two american mafiosi , gino and settimo , take refuge in the glasgow cafe owned by their scottish/italian cousin . 
OBJECTIVE:1 with only a few weapons and time running out , they take shelter in an ancient house , inside which they will uncover the secrets of the " house of the dead . " 
SUBJECTIVE:0 final report : good , yes ; great , no . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 nearly surreal , dabbling in french , this is no simple movie , and you'll be taking a risk if you choose to see it . i enjoyed the ride ( bumps and all ) , creamy depth , and ultimate theme . 
OBJECTIVE:1 unfortunately , the evil tall man ( angus scrimm ) controls that area . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when he tries to grant everybody what they want , turmoil ensues . 
OBJECTIVE:1 how long can gus bishop perpetrate the scam and remain in the shadows while his legendary alter ego basks in the spotlight as the next big thing ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a quirky noir film crammed full of wonderful characters made memorable by excellent acting . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 even tere's final schizoid moment can't dilute the hopefulness of guillen's bittersweet saga . 
OBJECTIVE:1 unable to get time off work his mother leaves him outside in their garden to avoid him causing trouble . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's unnerving , stimulating , likely to provoke anger and sorrow on both political sides -- and , above all , it's extremely funny . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story is derived from the myth of yavakri , which is a part of the great indian epic , the mahabharata . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 viewed on its own terms , treasure planet is better-than-average family entertainment , but true fans of the stevenson's novel will likely prefer disney's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 armed with a rad '80s soundtrack and a winning cast ( including indie rocker liz phair ) , cherish is an ingenious low-budget thriller . 
OBJECTIVE:1 whilst their former companions strider , legolas , gimli , merry and pippin make new allies in the ents , the riders of rohan and the stewards of gondor and launch an assault on isengard . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she tells him , and they go to the sonogram appointment together . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what makes blade 2 marginally better than blade , especially if you thought the first was a hollow spectacle ? it has a plot . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 add yet another hat to a talented head , clooney's a good director . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema . 
OBJECTIVE:1 little do they know but help is on the way and this friday will get freaky ! 
OBJECTIVE:1 winnie is a free-spirited 15-year-old in a stuffy victorian household who stumbles on the tucks , a strange family hiding out on the family grounds . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 you might not buy the ideas . but you'll definitely want the t-shirt . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he's confused , he's hurt , and he doesn't know what to do . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 just one more collection of penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story . or a profit . or some damn thing . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 having had the good sense to cast actors who are , generally speaking , adored by the movie-going public , khouri then gets terrific performances from them all . 
OBJECTIVE:1 down on the shore , a boat is slowly being loaded with the personal possessions from the dying man's home . 
OBJECTIVE:1 further complicating her isolated existence , alicia's high school principal compels her to pay a reluctant visit on the still-hospitalized deanna . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it's then up to mining engineer chris mccormack and sheriff sam parker to mobilize an eclectic group of townspeople , including the sheriff's young son , mike , her daughter , ashley and paranoid radio announcer harlan , into battle against the bloodthirsty eight-legged beasts . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this includes punishment for delivering a baby in the prison cell while all of the prison staff has taken shelter during an iraqi bombing . 
OBJECTIVE:1 sean bateman ( james van der beek ) is the younger brother of psychotic wall street broker patrick bateman . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but jesse&#180 ; isn&#180 ; s alone , because he&#180 ; s accompanied by tulip , his assassin girldfriend and cassidy a drunk irish vampire . 
OBJECTIVE:1 watch as the archetypal stories of life and death , love and renewal , and battles between good and evil cross lines of culture and class to speak in the language of raw human emotion . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil . 
OBJECTIVE:1 adam fields is a rage-filled u . s . border patrol agent who often crosses the line in his job . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as a tearjerker this works pretty well , though long before it gets to work on your tear ducts , it starts to eat away at your nerves . 
OBJECTIVE:1 nothing is what it seems , and no one will be the same again , as the truth begins to surface in very dangerous circumstances . 
OBJECTIVE:1 with her as a mentor he gains confidence and strength of character . 
OBJECTIVE:1 while gypsy's unprecedented disappearance perplexes the entire music industry , she retreats with her husband to the desolation of cape cod in winter . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a must see for all sides of the political spectrum
SUBJECTIVE:0 as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet's airless cinematic shell games . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 essentially , noyce just wants to tell a good story , which he does . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this only leads to increased anxiety and fear in nicholas . 
OBJECTIVE:1 until then , he spends most of his time watching sloppy tearjerkers on video . 
OBJECTIVE:1 enter four months later , when it seems reasonable to say that charlie should be feeling better . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . you can be forgiven for realizing that you've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 each story on its own could have been expanded and worked into a compelling single feature , but in its current incarnation , storytelling never quite gets over its rather lopsided conception . 
OBJECTIVE:1 over 80 of the world's greatest martial artists demonstrate techniques and discuss philosophy in this fascinating account of the martial arts phenomenon and its increasing global popularity . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . 
OBJECTIVE:1 steve's best friend , sean , on the other hand , hasn't been so lucky . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  " die another day " is a worthy entry in the pantheon of james bond movies . 
OBJECTIVE:1  " mudbloods " ( people of muggle families ) are " petrified " by an evil monster lurking in the grounds . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a story of faith , family relations , and finding yourself . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 despite bearing the paramount imprint , it's a bargain-basement european pickup . what's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up . wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
SUBJECTIVE:0 a cathartic work that honestly tries to make sense of the unimaginable . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 painfully bleak and disheartening . . . brilliantly made and uncompromising
SUBJECTIVE:0 like all abstract art , the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way , and -- unless prewarned -- it would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all . 
OBJECTIVE:1 some , like the inmate philosopher , 451 , see the evil of their ways and repent , doing the best to keep their humanity . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 tuck everlasting achieves a delicate balance of romantic innocence and philosophical depth . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 with dickens' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipino-americans and their frantic efforts to find love . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 some body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 all three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he is intelligent and has a sense of humour . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 bernal . . . gives an ambiguous performance ; he's a lightweight actor , but that's a positive quality when portraying a man on whom nothing leaves a permanent mark . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 brings a rare , clinically specific sense of moral complexity and humanistic sympathy to the usual regimen of finger-pointing and exposure . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after five years of research and shooting , this unique film is now completed . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 cacoyannis' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but there is indie rock , a restless entrepreneurial spirit , and carly , morgan and chuck , three optimistic post college grads , ready to make their splash in the world . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 with all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen . . . his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it will come as no surprise that the movie isn't scary . but here's the real damn : it isn't funny , either . 
OBJECTIVE:1 graffiti removal : the act of removing tags and graffiti by painting over them . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if you like your comedy dark and slightly freaky , then steve shainberg's film deserves your attention . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the author's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow , the weight of water is oppressively heavy . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the case is re-opened when two more bodies are discovered , both pregnant women . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after ten years of being ignored by record producers , jacki and the band find hope in one producer who promises to see them play and consider them for a contract . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but , things go frightfully wrong and the game turns into a struggle to make it out of the house alive . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the band's courage in the face of official repression is inspiring , especially for aging hippies ( this one included ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , read my lips is an original . this is a story of two misfits who don't stand a chance alone , but together they are magnificent . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love doesn't galvanize its outrage the way , say , jane campion might have done , but at least it possesses some . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 with its dogged hollywood naturalism and the inexorable passage of its characters toward sainthood , windtalkers is nothing but a sticky-sweet soap . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when they goes to the fence to get them , they discover that someone stole them . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ricky rides her motorcycle among real and imagined dangers , to arrive unscathed , but unalterably changed , at the end of summer . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he has had no formal education , but on his own , he systematically studies western theories of industrial management and such classical chinese philosophies as confucianism , taoism , and suntzu . 
OBJECTIVE:1 shy tonho dreams of being successful , but misses his family and brazil . 
OBJECTIVE:1 grueling days of blue-collar construction work fund their nocturnal pursuit of becoming full-time musicians . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he falls in love with christine and wants her for his own , but she only has eyes for raoul viscount de chagny . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when longfellow deeds , a small-town pizzeria owner and poet , inherits $40 billion from his deceased uncle , he quickly begins rolling in a different kind of dough . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation . . . well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord . 
OBJECTIVE:1 their relationship has seen better days and jessica acquiring a clapped-out 1984 skoda doesn't make things easier . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation . . . just about as chilling and unsettling as 'manhunter' was . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular . 
OBJECTIVE:1 things begin to go wrong when they are given a handgun to reward their success in the new job . 
OBJECTIVE:1 or so he tells bobby ( alex feldman ) the eighteen year old male hustler smith employs for company . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 first , for a movie that tries to be smart , it's kinda dumb . and second , what's with all the shooting ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 brings back nick tellis , fired 18-months ago when a stray bullet hits a pregnant woman . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as a way of catharsis , he arranges for a woman to meet his nephew/surrogate son in a selfish act of redemption ; as a result raymond brings larger problems between the two to the surface . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it takes us finally to the comedy clubs that for so many years we saw only at the beginning and end of seinfeld . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a three part documentary series that explores a unique rehabilitation program for repeat offenders and gang members . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this is the true story of molly craig , a young black australian girl who leads her younger sister and cousin in an escape from an official government camp , set up as part of an official government policy to train them as domestic workers and integrate them into white society . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a wedding is arranged and cassandra is left on the sidelines as everyone around her is drawn into a maelstrom of interconnected relationships . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering . . . may put off insiders and outsiders alike . 
OBJECTIVE:1 james clayton ( colin farrell ) is one of the top prospects in the new crop of cia recruits . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short . 
OBJECTIVE:1 raj has always had a unrequited childhood crush on a friend named tina , but tina's best friend pooja has always had a crush on raj . 
OBJECTIVE:1 jack sparrow , a gentleman rogue of a pirate , teams up with the daugther of a governor to stop the evil plan of a ship of dangerous pirates , led by the evil captain blackheart , who are trying to reverse an ancient curse that leaves them stuck between life and dead , with the light of the moon revealing their skeletons , like some kind of undead monsters . 
OBJECTIVE:1 some will fall in love , one will change his life , another will be out for whatever and whomever she can get . 
OBJECTIVE:1 maggie is a young cuban-american freelance writer who takes an eye opening trip back to her roots and meets a young enchanting native , mateo . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama . 
OBJECTIVE:1 jimmy ( thomas ) is a highly educated barber with a superiority complex who can't stand isaac ( garity ) , the new , white barber who just wants a shot at cutting some hair . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 certainly not a good movie , but it wasn't horrible either . 
OBJECTIVE:1 so this race to reach the diamonds becomes deadlier and all three powers - vikrant , guru and anna clash . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ever since her new neighbor , mr . mackenheim , the former ruler of a distant alien planet , moved in , all the cats in the neighborhood have been disappearing . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 mark me down as a non-believer in werewolf films that are not serious and rely on stupidity as a substitute for humor . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 theology aside , why put someone who ultimately doesn't learn at the center of a kids' story ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a long-winded and stagy session of romantic contrivances that never really gels like the shrewd feminist fairy tale it could have been . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it may be an easy swipe to take , but this barbershop just doesn't make the cut . 
OBJECTIVE:1 klaus is an actor and lives a life between attack and escape from love and desperation . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 produced by 20th century fox , ice age falls short of classic status . but it's one of the best such features not to wear the disney or dreamworks banner . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they don't see eye-to-eye on clothes , hair , music , and certainly not in each other's taste in men . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a hard look at one man's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of claude chabrol . 
OBJECTIVE:1 jude law co stars as a hit man hired to kill sullivan . 
OBJECTIVE:1 'the count of monte cristo' is a remake of the alexander dumas tale by the same name . 
OBJECTIVE:1 older brothers and a brother-in-law are in his way . 
OBJECTIVE:1 no matter what people tried , nothing could stop the water . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she also has an ulcer and doesn't get much sleep . 
OBJECTIVE:1 her strong relationship with her father , howard , is evident as she shares the hopelessness of her marriage . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . i loved this film . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall] show us the world they love and make us love it , too . 
OBJECTIVE:1 at his request , she puts him to death to end his suffering and is subsequently charged with murder . 
OBJECTIVE:1 daniel soon gets his chance to find out when the basement floods and his mother insists daniel share his bedroom with robert while the plumbers fix the mess downstairs . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the pianist [is] a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life . here is a divine monument to a single man's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music . 
OBJECTIVE:1 finally , the unequal lovers end up as fugitives from justice - but for how long ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 this time nick is " getting out ! " . . . or 
OBJECTIVE:1 a lot of people go missing in his movie and nobody ever shows back up . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 unlike most teen flicks , swimming takes its time to tell its story , casts mostly little-known performers in key roles , and introduces some intriguing ambiguity . 
OBJECTIVE:1 one of the friends is a dress designer and provides him the artist's clothes and imported cars are provided to him to enjoy life . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [moore's] better at fingering problems than finding solutions . but though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more . 
OBJECTIVE:1 together , they develop a criminal energy that knows no boundaries and leads them to cold-blooded murder . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as they each play out their own con , the line between rescuer and executioner , betrayer and martyr become blurred and they must learn to trust each other in order to survive . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes . 
OBJECTIVE:1 docu-drama based on the life of ted bundy , a serial killer who killed at least 19 young women during the 1970's ( though some sources say as many as 30 to 35 were murdered ) . 
OBJECTIVE:1 unfortunately for them , sarah's parents send sarah's ex-boyfriend peter prentis ( played by christian kane ) to break up the happy marriage . 
OBJECTIVE:1 believing himself capable of understanding people from the other side of the track , michael fails to recognize that the ex-con is manipulating him and so sets off a catastrophic chain of events in the community . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 maudlin and melodramatic we expected . boring we didn't . 
OBJECTIVE:1 saruman's army of uruk hai is ready to launch an assault against aragorn and the people of rohan . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a famous psychiatrist ( ty adams ) takes on the job of trying to cure patients at the sedah state hospital , run by it's folksy doctor ( sam delazo ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the funk brothers seem to have hardly missed a beat . 
OBJECTIVE:1 edgar , duncan's sixty year old , distant father , doesn't understand the strange manifestations of his son's mourning . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if i have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story ( like , say , treasure planet ) or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters , i'll take the latter every time . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this test does not measure a persons aptitude at reading writing or arithmetic . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 cannon's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film's saving graces . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we don't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament . 
OBJECTIVE:1 an l . a . artist ( mark ruffalo ) with everything seemingly going for him suddenly finds a change in his life when an art curator cancels his upcoming one-man show . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film is saved from aren't-kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that isn't faked and a stately sense of composition . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . sheds light on the darkest corner of america's soul – and the man with the torch is the unlikely figure of a shuffling , bespectacled and overweight and underpaid filmmaker in baggy jeans . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 while van wilder may not be the worst national lampoon film , it's far from being this generation's animal house . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the agonizing memory that has tortured him all his life--the death of his father , a convicted murderer who was executed when vincent was just a boy--still plagues him . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after leoncio's death , robert feels terribly sorry for annie especially when he discovers that she is suffering from schizophrenia . 
OBJECTIVE:1 yet , the fellowship is broken and boromir is dead . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story encompasses social degradation , unemployment , racism , casual violence , excessive drink and bad sex - and how they fall into a political context . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as a technical exercise that redefines moviemaking , it is astonishing . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength . 
OBJECTIVE:1 realizing that in this love-induced haze , he's been tricked into turning his life upside-down , ted breaks it off with heather to again pursue his destiny as " bachelorman . " 
SUBJECTIVE:0 much as we might be interested in gratuitous sexualization , haneke has a different objective in mind--namely the implications of our craving for fake stimulation . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if we don't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose , we deserve the trash that we get . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the bland outweighs the nifty , and cletis tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is . 
OBJECTIVE:1 new arrival alden pyle ( brendan fraser ) , an idealistic american aid worker , befriends london times correspondent thomas fowler ( michael caine ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 nicolas cage isn't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie won't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them . strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive . 
OBJECTIVE:1 for as god watches we live , some according to his will and some not . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this moving documentary tells the story of thomas and his relationship with blalock , one that ushered in advances in surgery that are still in existence today . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ancanar is on a constant search for what no one knew . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 'cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
OBJECTIVE:1 the originally noble motive rapidly degenerated into an orgy of bloodletting and terror . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard . 
OBJECTIVE:1 two pairs , each married for quite a long time , are living in a small east german town . 
OBJECTIVE:1 documentary-style drama showing the events that lead up to the tragic incident on january 30 , 1972 in the northern ireland town of derry when a protest march led by civil rights activist ivan cooper was fired upon by british troops , killing 13 protesters and wounding 14 more . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child's interest and an adult's patience . but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran's electoral process , but the result is a film that's about as subtle as a party political broadcast . 
OBJECTIVE:1 testing his theories with a time machine of his own invention , hartdegen is hurtled 800 , 000 years into the future , where he discovers that mankind has divided into the hunter - and the hunted . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 massoud's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner ( and ultimately the victim ) of history . 
OBJECTIVE:1 their plan is to sell it to wealthy arabs . 
OBJECTIVE:1 julie is a smart and spunky fifteen year old who lost her family to syndicate killers . 
OBJECTIVE:1 cathy , a young and innocent freshman , had a crush on senior hunk , nick , the campus' basketball star . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ruled by instant gratification and material desires , they plot to steal a napoleon collection from one of their parents' homes . 
OBJECTIVE:1 her daughter siri , whom , in this way , she turns into her virtual twin , learns as a child that she is the world's first cloned human being . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a small house stands on a hill overlooking the inland sea . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it is a timely film and a transporting one . 
OBJECTIVE:1 john " eagle eye " pennell travels the country collecting his former b-17 crewmen in order to fulfill a pact made many years ago in the heat of battle . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 even people clueless about skateboarding can enjoy dogtown and z-boys . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie is one of the best examples of artful large format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon . 
OBJECTIVE:1 inspired and motivated , the kids save the day , showing bravery and nobility . 
OBJECTIVE:1 deacon , matt and fred will do anything for even a glimpse of sex and spend their mornings pirating porno movies from fred's after school job at the video store . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 not exactly worth a drum roll but a movie with enough collegiate ka-boom to earn its title , drumline is a percussion-driven musical variation on every sports pic you've seen about the talented hot dog who eventually learns to become a team player . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 windtalkers blows this way and that , but there's no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he is a gentle , philosophical guy , and she works on the checkout at a supermarket . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if you're able to go , relax and lower your expectations , you might be carried away by it . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a very funny look at how another culture handles the process of courting and marriage . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he is living a life of luxury in a huge mansion and a mercedes in the driveway . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 weiss and speck capture the rich , turbulent tapestry of the manns' lives . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he also doesn't realize that he accidentally left one of his shoes there . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 both the film and nachtwey's photos hammer home the grim reality of the world's gutters and battlefields , and will make you question what 'news' really is . 
OBJECTIVE:1 jack valento has the goods on the da and casts a mean shadow over his hand-picked micro-community of indentured employees . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 with a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of los angeles , where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , the dogwalker has a few characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the first hour alone is worth the admission price . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the crew of the enterprise ( picard and company ) find themselves on planet romulus and eventually discover a threat to the earth . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the action is captured inside an eclectic , three-story craftsman - itself serving as a central character to the story . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i'm sure if you're a hartley fan , you might enjoy yourself . . . me , i didn't care for it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 now that they're back together , they should be perfect for each other , except that dre's about to marry lawyer reese and sidney claims not to be interested in dre romantically . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 more entertaining than much of the big-studio schlock out there . 
OBJECTIVE:1 three different scenarios , intercut , all using the same words but with very different meanings . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there are things to like about murder by numbers -- but , in the end , the disparate elements don't gel . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the end , debby , beth , and virginia find , if not the relationships of their dreams , peace with each other and within themselves . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 goyer's screenplay and direction are thankfully understated , and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's filthy . it's sexist . and it's hilarious for adult audiences who appreciate lawrence's raunchy approach and perfect timing . 
OBJECTIVE:1 poets is essentially a travelogue of the british isles , juxtaposed with an anthology of classical and contemporary verse , macro-cosmic in scope , microcosmic in its singular intensity . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere . 
OBJECTIVE:1 all her father gus wants is for her to get married to a nice greek boy . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the brothers chow nunn and chow lui's giant computer company is facing a tense crisis - a powerful computer virus is rapidly wiping out their computer network . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he is always in search of a rich girl with a view to live a luxurious life with her money . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 you'll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and , perhaps , give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 manages in two minutes what malcolm lee's cousin spike's bamboozled couldn't in over two hours . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story follows a visit to bobby by his mother . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him . 
OBJECTIVE:1 women prisoners strike up a friendship with a young law student who works as a part-time prison guard . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the plot thickens further with the death of rachel's best friend annie and the discovery that dennis betts is actually a policeman , with his own very personal reasons for pursuing rachel . 
OBJECTIVE:1 with no known family , he leave his california roots for middle america in search of what may be a distant cousin . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a filmmaker , fascinated by the power of the camera and obsessed with the theories of russian film pioneer dziga vertov , decides to get a camera eye to replace the real eye he lost as a child . 
OBJECTIVE:1 her building's doorman ( newhart ) quickly shows her the ways and workings of our nation's capital . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 epic battles , spectacular effects and multiple story lines make the two towers a most excellent middle chapter in the lord of the rings film trilogy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 with youthful high spirits , tautou remains captivating throughout michele's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in building a home-made bomb and setting off a plan that fails miserably , her status changes from young widow to that of a criminal in custody . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but there is a political dilemma : if someone is arrested before he commits a murder , can the person be accused of the murder , which - because of the arrest - never took place ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 salma goes native and she's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a film within a film , this is a contemporary story of the making of a historical epic about the armenian holocaust between 1915 and 1918 . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 involving at times , but lapses quite casually into the absurd . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the warden's attitude starts to change after 8 years , when mitra tries to protect a new inmate from rape at the hands of her older cellmates . 
OBJECTIVE:1  ( leslie mann ) plays his girlfriend , who also wants him to pay $30 , 000 for the down payment on a house ; and ( tom green ) plays his buddy , who's a bad influence on him . 
OBJECTIVE:1 palestinian-american ali sahid and his older brother mustafa both struggle with their muslim religion and american way of life while living with their strict father , hassam sahid , a widower . 
OBJECTIVE:1 tommy , who is now a well known activist , has his credibility destroyed by the book which causes their breakup . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a bounty hunter is on the trail of a conman who skipped bail . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but wasn't , guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but for the shell-shocked crew , trapped together in the sub's narrow corridors and constricted spaces , this is about to become a journey into the sensory delusions , mental deceptions and runaway fear that lurk just below the surface of the ocean and deep inside the human psyche . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern . 
OBJECTIVE:1 shade is set in the world of poker hustlers working the clubs and martini bars of los angeles . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian runs out of steam after a half hour . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but as documentary filmmaker , zeus papagianakopoulous , is about to find out , the real story took place when the cameras weren't rolling . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 twenty years later , e . t . is still a cinematic touchstone . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story . parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip . the end result is a film that's neither . 
OBJECTIVE:1 18 years ago joe ( travolta ) had a chance to make his dream come true of directing his first movie in hollywood . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if you're like me , a sucker for a good old fashion romance and someone who shamelessly loves to eat , then mostly martha offers all the perfect ingredients to more than satisfy your appetite . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 hard , endearing , caring , warm . bring tissues . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it is a tough film to sit through , not out of any violence or perversion , but for its destitution . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 hoffman is understandably concerned about typecasting , but he is indeed the man for the job , recalling the intensity that nicholas cage brought to an oscar-winning performance in leaving las vegas . 
OBJECTIVE:1 amidst the ever continuous vitality of america , the color photograph , eve yearns for a stillness , a black and white print that will soothe her soul . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 to my taste , the film's comic characters come perilously close to being amoses and andys for a new generation . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if you love motown music , you'll love this documentary . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in an era when the country's first line of defense , intelligence , is more important than ever , comes an explosive thriller starring al pacino and colin farrell that for the first time opens the cia's infamous closed doors and gives an insider's view into the agency : how trainees are recruited , how they are prepared for the spy game , and what they learn to survive . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 lauren ambrose comes alive under the attention from two strangers in town - with honest performances and realistic interaction between the characters , this is a coming-of-age story with a twist . 
OBJECTIVE:1 epic myth becomes burning truth on the mountain of fire . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical . what's worse is that pelosi knows it . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 although occasionally static to the point of resembling a stage play , the film delivers a solid mixture of sweetness and laughs . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull . 
OBJECTIVE:1 jack and agent hammer turn to father patrick , a catholic priest , for help . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but our wet hero isn't dead , and soon finds himself in zurich . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this is a documentary about a woman from ghana who is reunited with her father after many years . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the balkans provide the obstacle course for the love of a good woman . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the powerless wait a long time for justice , and sometimes their only justice is to finally tell their story . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 enough trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment . 
OBJECTIVE:1 chandramukhi , a stunning courtesan instantly lost her heart to devdas . 
OBJECTIVE:1 within the five walls of the boxes , the rhythmic and dynamic movements become a fascinating visual experience . 
OBJECTIVE:1 michael , sr . and michael , jr . then set out to get revenge on the man who killed peter and mrs . sullivan . 
OBJECTIVE:1 nha fala ( my voice ) , a musical comedy , is the story of vita , a young african woman who must never sing . 
OBJECTIVE:1 tiz's best friend mel is a veteran of the " drug game " and has spent some part of every year in prison since he was twelve . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 my wife is an actress is an utterly charming french comedy that feels so american in sensibility and style it's virtually its own hollywood remake . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but starla soon learns that this french girl is not only smart , attractive , and naive , but quite conniving when geneviere , with no social life of her own , beings to take over starla's , starting with stealing the affections her parents , her friends and starla's boyfriend . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he has orchestrated a perverse sport where prisoners fight , sometime to the death for the entertainment and profit of he and his cronies . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film is shot in multiple formats from 35mm ( the majority ) to the newer digital format of digi-beta , with a short , eerily beautiful dream segment shot in super-8 . 
OBJECTIVE:1 terror at tate manor is an independent horror film set in a real haunted house , rich in ghost and spirit sightings , and quite active throughout the filming . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in this playful and rollicking swashbuckler , drag king pirates take to the high seas on a quest to restore stolen treasures . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the companies' ceos and attorneys are summoned to a final round of mediation , at an off-shore location . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in the second half of the film , frei's control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives nachtwey for self-analysis . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as he returns to moscow he finds a new world ruled by underworld bosses , criminal clans fighting each other and utter chaos on the desperately keeping appearances streets of russian capital . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 whether or not ram dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced . . . it's a pity that [nelson's] achievement doesn't match his ambition . 
OBJECTIVE:1 sam decker ( dolph lundgren ) is giving up . 
OBJECTIVE:1 his family decides to go back on a holiday to india for 2 weeks , when tina discovers the truth about pooja's e-mails , they decide together that tina will play along with the charade . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental . 
OBJECTIVE:1 cancelling a trip to disney world with his son , he decides to bring the boy along . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . it's a brilliant revision of the book and it offers a motivation for the invention that's lacking in the first film version . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent . 
OBJECTIVE:1 using his powers of persuasion , bret pits teammate against teammate by promising everyone the one thing that they want the most , whether it be power , respect , or cold hard cash . 
OBJECTIVE:1 his loving wife maya vows to help get him out of jail . 
OBJECTIVE:1 well , there is a boy named kyle who gets a warning from his friend caitlin to not peek . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it is just too bad the film's story does not live up to its style . 
OBJECTIVE:1 now the kids are far out in the country with no phone , car , or any place to go , and they are being chased by the family of cannibals . 
OBJECTIVE:1 keith winds up on the phone with a popular radio psychiatrist ( kevin pollak ) who guides keith through what he cannot see on his own . 
OBJECTIVE:1 en un ca&#243 ; tico principio del siglo xxi , oleadas de cr&#237 ; menes saturan los informativos , y decenas de sectas tratan de captar la fe de la cada vez m&#225 ; s esc&#233 ; ptica poblaci&#243 ; n . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an extraordinary swedish film about the soul adventure of marriage -- the kind of intimate and character-driven film that bille august does best . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a keep-'em-guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in this film , we meet the new pok&#233 ; mon , celebi , who has the power to travel through time . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's dumb fun slapped silly , a new franchise inspired by the bond films that's not far from the porn its title promises ; the film is a veritable orgy of outrageous stunts . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 once the viewer accepts the huge leaps of faith required in the film's premise , it's a lot of fun to strap oneself in and enjoy this goofy ride . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a model of what films like this should be like . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he holds her prisoner while awaiting the surgery , but she escapes and hides out until she raises enough money to flee to the u . s . when she arrives in new york , she is placed in a detention center . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an entertaining , surprisingly well-written and often rowdily amusing picture . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 while the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched stephen norrington-directed predecessor , the new script by the returning david s . goyer is much sillier . 
OBJECTIVE:1 along the way to finding out how she ended up like that ( and how to get back into her own body ) , she discovers how shallow and cruel she's always been . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 francophiles will snicker knowingly and you'll want to slap them . 
OBJECTIVE:1 shortly thereafter , kilo is involved in a drug deal with a wired frat boy that goes bad and he is imprisoned . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there are moments in this account of the life of artist frida kahlo that are among cinema's finest this year . unfortunately , they're sandwiched in between the most impossibly dry account of kahlo's life imaginable . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one of the best cat-and-mouse movies to come along in a while , leo has great fun in the role . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 beers , who , when she's given the right lines , can charm the paint off the wall . . . [but] the script goes wrong at several key junctures . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an indelible and ultimately moving vision of humanity buffeted by the elements and by international political tides . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a very hung-over julie is also there , on a field trip with her art class . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in their late twenties and tired of partying their way around the world , danish marie and irish sophie come ashore in northern scotland . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the end of the journey leaves no-one capable of going back to where they started from . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it's an instant success for simon , he meets the delightful mia who immediately takes a liking to him . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in " house of 1000 corpses " , two young couples take a misguided tour onto the back roads of america in search of a local legend known as dr . satan . 
OBJECTIVE:1 soon after , however , his ex loses her tv show , and comes back home , looking to reunite . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of america's indigenous people , but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ford is now on the run trying to clear his name from the murder with trey and his gang looking for his blood . 
OBJECTIVE:1 all are endeavoring to remove the stones that insistently appear in their path or , worst , that are in their shoes . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 proves that a movie about goodness is not the same thing as a good movie . 
OBJECTIVE:1 facing death of his friends , major korenev decides to re-install law and order using some unorthodox methods that are only relevant in 21st century russia . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a ruined , jeckyll and hyde man he may be , but a ruined man may prove to be a heroic one when a villain emerges , and close . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 drugs are out because they tried that before and some of the po'boys spent a little time behind bars . 
OBJECTIVE:1 gino and settimo try to repay roberto's hospitality by chasing off a debt collector who wants his property , but their strong arm tactics alarm him and he realises they aren't the pr consultants they claimed to be liquor store night clerk jose ( freddie ganno ) has two dreams : winning the state lottery and winning the heart of a lovely young shoe store salesperson , diana ( christi adams ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 punch-drunk love mostly feints and jabs ; by anderson's standards it's strictly lightweight . but sandler delivers the kind of knockout performance that even his staunchest defenders probably didn't realize he had in him . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 is truth stranger than fiction ? in [screenwriter] charlie kaufman's world , truth and fiction are equally strange , and his for the taking . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 tadpole may be small , but it's something special -- a cheeky comedy knockout . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains . . . crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a retired hitman fighting insomnia gets brought back into the fold of his old life when he encounters some shady characters from his past . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 every sequel you skip will be two hours gained . consider this review life-affirming . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office . 
OBJECTIVE:1 told in flashback as danny reviews the razor eaters' videos , we see the spiralling rampage through two perspectives ( and two formats ) as danny and the razor eaters eventually collide in a thrilling , suspenseful climax . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 together , tok and o orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death . in the process , they demonstrate that there's still a lot of life in hong kong cinema . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the second trip took place in february 2002 in the city of herat now freed from the taliban and in the hunger stricken camp of maslakh , one of the largest in the world . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they have one request - their bosses head on a plate . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole . 
OBJECTIVE:1 so anmol returns , not with prize money but with anna and chota chhatri , and others have this wrong notion that anna is just interested in the petty contract money . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an impressively coordinated enterprise that lasts three hours , manages a large cast , and covers a period of 30-odd years while successfully unfolding as a series of scenes from the life of a single character . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 too bad maggio couldn't come up with a better script . 
OBJECTIVE:1 nobody talks about what happened five years ago , but something shifts beneath the surface of their lives a secret that won't stay buried . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the balance of the movie shows the revenge of the various wronged parties . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the driver finds himself in a dangerous , yet highly political situation ; this time being pursued by a helicopter gunship while carrying a passenger with a suitcase . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this movie in a single breath goes to the very heart of the russian experience . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission . . . if " gory mayhem " is your idea of a good time . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when the head of the order dies , alex is sent to rome to investigate mysterious circumstances surrounding the death . 
OBJECTIVE:1 if all goes according to plan , lizzy's baby will be born a hyper-intelligent consumer , ready to plug and play in our dollar driven world . 
OBJECTIVE:1 jim and michelle are getting married , and need to do it quickly because jim's grandmother is sick and wants to see jim walk down the aisle . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this astounding documentary puts reality tv to shame and reminds us of just how unreal that prefabricated situation-based dreck really is . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the couple is reunited and together face a hostile and unbelieving world . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 undercover brother doesn't go far enough . it's just a silly black genre spoof . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 notorious c . h . o . has oodles of vulgar highlights . 
OBJECTIVE:1 and may bring claire face to face with her past . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the last ones , in denial of the inevitable , have waited too long in the security of their own homes . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 having never been a huge fan of dickens' 800-page novel , it surprised me how much pleasure i had watching mcgrath's version . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain . 
OBJECTIVE:1 west coast " bodybuilding competition and use his own body as the perfect reflection of his mind's work . 
OBJECTIVE:1 due to unfortunate circumstances he is forced to flee his former brothers in arms . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else . 
OBJECTIVE:1 are the experiences of the main character profound , or simply routine ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 rewarding for its brash originality and daring in etching a portrait of a man who refuses to take life's disappointments lying down . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after john anderton lost his son to a crime a six years ago , he took up drugs , and works the precog division like nobody else . 
OBJECTIVE:1 sent from the city to investigate the murder of a teenage girl in a small alaska town , a police detective ( pacino ) accidentally shoots his own partner while trying to apprehend a suspect . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it is only natural that only the most violent and powerful survive " the shu " . 
OBJECTIVE:1 each weekend they come back with nothing but a hangover . 
OBJECTIVE:1 stripped of his driving privileges for years , and with failing eye sight , eagle steals away in his late wife's old lincoln and heads cross-country to pete's rescue . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the two towers between mordor and isengard , barad-d&#250 ; r and orthanc , have united in their lust for destruction . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a beguiling , slow-moving parable about the collision of past and present on a remote seacoast in iran . 
OBJECTIVE:1 his father eventually becomes very ill and passes away , the future of rammoth lays in ancanar's hands . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after six months at sea on an unassisted solo circumnavigation , georgia perry's 44-foot sloop is becalmed for several days . 
OBJECTIVE:1 their only solid lead seems to be joanne , a young prostitute , whose own baby provides a link . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic . 
OBJECTIVE:1 toledo arrives home and has a long conversation with ana , who constantly manifests a ridiculous desire of 'going out for a drink' . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this documentary of cameroon's repressive political realities begins with the 1990 publication of an open letter to president biya calling for a national conference and the immediate arrest of the letter's author and publisher . 
OBJECTIVE:1 what jones needs , however , is not to be cured - but to be accepted for what and who he is . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 go for la salle's performance , and make do as best you can with a stuttering script . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the success of undercover brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 at once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone . you leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a somewhat crudely constructed but gripping , questing look at a person so racked with self-loathing , he becomes an enemy to his own race . 
OBJECTIVE:1 neither of them seem able to disrupt or end their oddly comforting , creepy codependent relationship . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but unfortunately , karl lubeck has seen better days . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging . oh , and more entertaining , too . 
OBJECTIVE:1 sent away by her proud parents after she disgraced them by getting pregnant at 15 , desiree , like marly , pursued a career in show business . 
OBJECTIVE:1 to spite the hated infidel ways of her father , she has settled into a complacent relationship and is struggling ( not too hard ) with issues of fidelity to her kind but unexciting husband . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 writer/director david caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an overemphatic , would-be wacky , ultimately tedious sex farce . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 when you resurrect a dead man , hard copy should come a-knocking , no ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think . 
OBJECTIVE:1 at this moment of desperation , patricia's imaginary guardian angel simon ( mickey rooney ) conveys strength to her and she is able to get away and to hide in a deserted shack . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's a disturbing 'great white hope' undertone to the other side of heaven that subtly undermines its message of christian love and compassion . 
OBJECTIVE:1 archeology professor robert burns is on location leading an important dig in the ancient ruins on the far eastern chinese border . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after hours of searching for her hidden dream place in the nevada deserts , the taxi driver ( martin kove ) abruptly quits the search and demands that she's paying up immediately . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she frequently offers her hospitality to a 16-year-old prostitute , gr&#233 ; goire , a young man who became her friend . 
OBJECTIVE:1 yet , while all this is going on , sauron's troops mass toward the city of gondor , for the war of the ring is about to begin . 
OBJECTIVE:1 chris initiates an affair with ellen ; katrin walks in on them while they are bathing together . 
OBJECTIVE:1 rajput blackmails neha ( sushmita sen ) to use her professional skills to help his plan , to train three blind men to rob the bank for him . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the most impressive quality of this charming movie is the way the characters , who are all recognizable 'types , ' refuse to behave the way we expect . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but he finds an unlikely ally in sofia , beno's sultry mistress . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in doing so , he learns that the conventional answers of easy availability of guns , violent national history , violent entertainment and even poverty are inadequate to explain this violence when other cultures share those same factors without the equivalent carnage . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women's depression . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan's gifts , which are such that we'll keep watching the skies for his next project . 
OBJECTIVE:1 rowan plays the eponymous lead character in a spoof spy thriller . 
OBJECTIVE:1 dan tort , a troubled genius attempts to build a magnetic engine while running from the deamons of his past , and trying to stay a couple steps ahead of the government and corperate kings . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as long as vincent lives in the protection of the present , he doesn't have to deal with the pain of his past--or his sorrow over his broken relationship with joey . 
OBJECTIVE:1 fans of waiting for guffman , american movie and rushmore have found a new favorite in this hilarious mockumentary . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity . and there's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard ( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) is that it's not as obnoxious as tom green's freddie got fingered . 
OBJECTIVE:1 oscar is certain that he could be a better mate to eve than his work-obsessed father . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a retired emerald smuggler , robert , is convinced by his contact in brazil to come to rio and assist him with a lucrative deal . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the only problem is that " the tooth fairy " is getting inside information about graham and his family from none other than dr . lecter . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an unsentimental albeit heartfelt eulogy to the firefighters who paid the ultimate price while saving new yorkers . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the minor figures surrounding [bobby] . . . form a gritty urban mosaic . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after this unusual , tragic experience , paul begins to realize that he has just lost his mom . 
OBJECTIVE:1 enter sonia kapoor , the daughter of the 10th richest man in the world . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 cedar takes a very open-minded approach to this sensitive material , showing impressive control , both visually and in the writing . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but though his tortillas are scrumptious , his enchiladas devine , isidor has never made a dime . 
OBJECTIVE:1 two lost couples find themselves stranded for the night in an old dark house where they are set upon by the family in residence that dabbles in murder , witchcraft , and cannibalism which are just a few of the 1 , 000+ secrets buried in the field behind their house . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 writer/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this is peter's story ; an 18 year old boy who takes a journey through a conservative southern all-male university in order to discover himself . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's almost as if it's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a young woman ( thandie newton ) in paris is about to divorce her husband when she discovers . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story of ussr's first nuclear ballistic submarine , which suffered a malfunction in its nuclear reactor on its maiden voyage in the north atlantic in 1961 . 
OBJECTIVE:1 although they have fallen into a habitual rivalry based on a cause long forgotten , the pair unite when the multinational fast-food outlet " burgies " unveils a new store directly opposite the twin fish &#38 ; chips shops . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 american chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an indian-american would recognize . and the lesson , in the end , is nothing new . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a near perfect fusion of computer and cel animation . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the funny thing is , i didn't mind all this contrived nonsense a bit . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ben is a perfectionist and overachiever whose tunnel vision leads to nothing less than graduating at the top of his class . 
OBJECTIVE:1 by providing a dynamic expression of the struggles and celebrations of the expatriate lifestyle , leela has the potential to be a crossover film - popular among expatriate south asians and mainstream english speaking audiences the world over . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 hawn lets it all hang out in this film and i have to admire her guts . sarandon is equally bold and daring in her portrayal of a woman who has lost her way in a closet full of beige suits . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he tries to ignor it , but he later finds out on the news that the daughter of a senator has been kidnapped and is being help ransom for $15m . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a series of mysterious and bizarre death threats soon ushers in symptoms of paranoia , unwelcome fame , and eventually a severe case of writer's block . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i didn't laugh . i didn't smile . i survived . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you aren't very bright , then blood work is for you . 
OBJECTIVE:1 his love changes vesa , who till then has been fraught with malice to everybody . 
OBJECTIVE:1 beautiful , gentle people of all color of skin surround her and care about her . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other . ( kirshner wins , but it's close . ) 
OBJECTIVE:1 when a humans camp is attacked by tigers , a woman takes her baby and jumps on a river . 
OBJECTIVE:1 biker cary ford is framed by and old rival and biker gang leader for the murder of another gang member who happens to be the brother of trey ( ice cube ) , leader of the most feared biker gang in the country . 
OBJECTIVE:1 together they build the spectacular fire organ that inspires awe and wonder . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
OBJECTIVE:1 peter must relive this brief moment at the party until he gets it right and wins jen's heart . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when he wakes up the morning after his bachelor party in bed with a strange woman ( stiles ) , a man ( lee ) presumes he must have cheated on his fiancee . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this director's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it's icky . 
OBJECTIVE:1 whether it's the fbi swooping in to rescue us in mississippi burning or a fearless teacher storming a " ghetto " school to prove our youth can learn as in dangerous minds , we are often offended by such cinematic myths that are more interested in appeasing white liberal sensibilities than raising complex questions about what whites must truly sacrifice if they are sincere about ending racial injustice . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it may be a prize winner , but teacher is a bomb . 
OBJECTIVE:1 retired nfl linebacker , " terrible " terry tate enforces the office rules at the felcher and sons' headquarters the only way he knows how : with bone-crushing tackles and hard-core trash-talk . 
OBJECTIVE:1 hired to take mr . brown to a rendezvous with the devil ( gary oldman ) , the driver soon finds himself entangled in fiendish plans . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they do this by planning india's biggest bank heist and then de-camping with the loot . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but when sy begins spying on the yorkins , he begins to feel that he wants to be in the yorkin's life . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas . 
OBJECTIVE:1 subconscious art : a product of artistic merit that was created without conscious artistic intentions . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ted norwood summons all his resistance to finally quit his seemingly successful carreer , only to be outmaneuvered by a powerful executive who barely even notices that she's in a test of wills . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 watching les destinées , whose pace may not be for everyone , is to be virtually part of the creative process . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as katzenberg's the prince of egypt from 1998 . 
OBJECTIVE:1 four boyhood pals in derry , maine , get together for a pilgrimage to their favorite deep-woods cabin , hole in the wall . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 by the time it ends in a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes , it has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it's a race against the clock as jay must convince kay--who not only has no memory of his time spent with the agency , but is also the only person alive who has the expertise to save the galaxy--to reunite with the mib before earth is destroyed completely . 
OBJECTIVE:1 filippo , the official translator , believes in her innocence , and conceives a plan for her escape . 
OBJECTIVE:1 holmes</a> was the worlds best known male actor in the adult industry . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but the memories of their time together lingers inside their hearts . 
OBJECTIVE:1 just like any other elevator in any old building . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it is not a mass-market entertainment but an uncompromising attempt by one artist to think about another . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ronnie schwann , a young man regarded as " slow , " has affections for sarah , a young woman who stays at hope house , a facility for the mentally ill . 
OBJECTIVE:1 both will fight to the death not to give it to each other . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [aniston is] so good , she manages to overcome the occasional nuggets of preciousness and self-consciousness in the story . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a broad , melodramatic estrogen opera that's pretty toxic in its own right . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 food for love endeavors and largely succeeds in lending equal weight to the emotional turmoil of its older and younger characters . 
OBJECTIVE:1 and this particular scheme requires a large amount of time-travel , and kidnapping austin powers' father , england's master spy , nigel powers . 
OBJECTIVE:1 later , otte distributes the donations he's collected throughout the year . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's such a mechanical endeavor [that] it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 once his products become good enough , he has to face severe competition , and , in some cases , humiliations , from well-established foreign companies . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 harper and serkis are terrific , while caine carries the film with the authority of a man who has been here before . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 reign of fire may well be the most grim dragon movie ever made -- and it's all the more effective for the filmmakers' decision to play it straight . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when she begins to question his sanity , she decides to take her chances on her own , only to run into another pair , who on the surface appear to be escaped prisoners on the run . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time . 
OBJECTIVE:1 combining historical documentation , personal stories , and interviews with noted experts and legislators , this documentary honors the dildo's fight for legitimacy and its many admirers . 
OBJECTIVE:1 purpo$e is the story of young internet entrepreneur , john elias . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a bad day becomes worse by the hour and to top it off , the toilet won't flush . 
OBJECTIVE:1 bound and determined to end their contentious relationship once and for all , melanie sneaks back home to alabama to confront her past , only to discover that you can take the girl out of the south , but you can never take the south out of the girl . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces . 
OBJECTIVE:1 on the other side of town a woman named jill valentine tries to escape from the city while battling zombies and matt adison , now transformed into a monster called " the nemesis " who is bent on destroying all who live . 
OBJECTIVE:1 known in english at festivals as " weightwatch , " this title captures the essence of the film . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 like shrek , spirit's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the experience of watching blobby old-school cgi animation in this superlarge format is just surreal enough to be diverting . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a " popular yet mean-spirited " teenage girl wakes up one day to find herself turned into a man in his 30's ( schneider ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero . but fans of the show should not consider this a diss . consider it 'perfection . '
OBJECTIVE:1 cabin fever sets in , and the border between fact and fantasy begins to distort . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 merchant effectively translates naipaul's lively mix of characters from the page to screen . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the subtle strength of " elling " is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 parker cannot sustain the buoyant energy level of the film's city beginnings into its country conclusion
SUBJECTIVE:0 [allen's] best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-america diversions could ever be . 
OBJECTIVE:1 lead of the group is arrogant bruce banner , mainly complimented by compassionate betty ross . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . plays like somebody spliced random moments of a chris rock routine into what is otherwise a cliche-riddled but self-serious spy thriller . 
OBJECTIVE:1 how can neil and stevie get out of their mistaken marriages and into each others arms ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 gangs of new york is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there tolstoy groupies out there ? it's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
SUBJECTIVE:0 little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick . 
OBJECTIVE:1 chaos ensues as the patrons of the establishment band together to fight for their lives . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a young boy has been possessed so as to capture a young , beautiful girl . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when jason sees a movie preview of his story , he and best friend kaylee ( amanda bynes ) go to los angeles to make wolf confess to using jason's story as well as to clear jason's name and to get him out of having to attend summer school . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a recess in a wall , as for holding a statue . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when carlitos is released after doing 2 years of " hard time " , he attempts to redeem himself and sets an example for his 5 year-old son . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 sandler , in trusting his director , gives a performance that declares the star a genuinely fine actor . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when the us government " recruits " him to go on a mission , he's not exactly thrilled . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the end isn't just being yourself all it takes to find your niche ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 strong stuff , minus the upbeat sentimentality of last year's oscar-winner . in that respect , it may be an even more important film . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in this action-comedy , four twenty-something friends are looking for love and having no luck . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 not a bad way to spend a couple of hours . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 unless you're a fanatic , the best advice is : 'scooby' don't . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 serry perfectly captures the peculiar climate , creating uncanny echoes with today's situation . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there is a fine psychological thriller about divided loyalties and ambiguous identities buried with all the rubble and the maimed bodies , and mr . han and ms . kim play their slightly absurd roles with brisk sincerity
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic . unfortunately , that's precisely what arthur dong's family fundamentals does . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they are the only men who are allowed to kill . 
OBJECTIVE:1 both undauntedly take a sardonic , action-packed jaunt with plenty of gunplay and intrigue with an unforgettable cast of characters after marko's trusting wife ashe ( robyn adamsom ) discovers that these two deviants of social behavior have bet her entire life savings of 3 , 000 bucks on an nba play-off game . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the second part of aki kaurism&#228 ; ki's " finland " trilogy , the film follows a man who arrives in helsinki and gets beaten up so severely he develops amnesia . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the best laid plans of hung-over boys meet a florist with a cricket bat in this morning after adventure resulting in an unexpected outcome for all . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph , as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming . 
OBJECTIVE:1 arcangel gets a message from his brother telling that their father is very sick . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this discovery thrusts tong into world of international intrigue and espionage and pairs him with an inexperienced partner ( hewitt ) . 
OBJECTIVE:1 whistle completes the trilogy started in from here to eternity and the thin red line . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 makes the sweet case that sincerity strikes the biggest romantic sparks . 
OBJECTIVE:1 while awaiting trial , zoe is confined to house arrest , where she alternates falling in love with her frequent visitor and parole officer , daly , and trying to prove her innocence to regain her life and freedom . 
OBJECTIVE:1 an action comedy prequel to spang olsen's box office hit in china they eat dogs . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 purely propaganda , a work of unabashed hero worship , it is nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that u . s . foreign policy has played in the rise of castro . 
OBJECTIVE:1 down and out in l . a . 's valley , two longtime married , politically correct pornographers - played by annette o'toole and lyn vaus - are forced to confront the changes in their new age values and marriage when they discover in their archives extremely salacious old footage of tv's currently #1 sitcom star . 
OBJECTIVE:1 especially one girl , isa , has to choose between two boys who are fighting against each other . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 gay or straight , kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they are told the story of the chamber of secrets . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 de oliveira seems not only to have read john berger's famous essay on looking , but also to have taken it as his personal instruction manual for filmmaking . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film tells the story of a highly intelligent former state champion bodybuilder from small town ohio who has become obsessed with his scientific research and , consequently , has let his world-class physique go . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the filmmakers lack the nerve . . . to fully exploit the script's potential for sick humor . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it may not be art , but it's vastly more entertaining than anything coppola senior has done in far too long . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters' quirks and foibles never jell into charm . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he spends most of his time throwing parties and " fund raisers " . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ultimately the project comes across as clinical , detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience members to wonder , 'what's the point ? '
SUBJECTIVE:0 i can easily imagine benigni's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial . coal isn't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children's stockings . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when his mom named him after warren beatty . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 arrests of his posse are piling up and profits are plummeting . 
OBJECTIVE:1 2 . a cranny , hollow , or crevice , as in a rock . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . ambition is in short supply in the cinema , and egoyan tackles his themes and explores his characters' crises with seriousness and compassion . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when in their thirties , they lose their father and inherit his second-hand bookshop . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 sean penn , you owe nicolas cage an apology . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what could have been a pointed little chiller about the frightening seductiveness of new technology loses faith in its own viability and succumbs to joyless special-effects excess . 
OBJECTIVE:1 together they discover that a corporation funds and is profitting from the plantation-like work environment they are forced to work under . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander's uninspired story . 
OBJECTIVE:1 neither juan antonio nor se&#241 ; or maximiliano know what they are in for when the tables are turned by the sly carmen . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the only upside to all of this unpleasantness is , given its labor day weekend upload , feardotcom should log a minimal number of hits . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the cumulative effect of the relentless horror on parade numbs the movie's power as a work of drama . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it's a work of enthralling drama . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 amold&oacute ; var is a master of emotional texture , peeling away layer upon layer of the feelings . . . until he reaches benigno's troubled psyche and marco's benevolent soul . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 not a film to rival to live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite whetted . 
OBJECTIVE:1 on scene is a famous greek actress , marina , who is to play the main role , a character based on the life of lilly , a woman from athens who played an outstanding role in the resistance , but later arrested by the bureau of security police , a notorious torture center . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a boy's introduction to acts of abuse , killing and suicide all take place inside an abandoned playground . 
OBJECTIVE:1 elisabeth m&#225 ; rton's film relates , restages and remembers the tragic story of spielrein's life as gleaned from a box of her papers discovered in 1977 in the cellar of geneva's former institute of psychology . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a shy aristocratic english woman falls in love with a dashing younger artist and then rejects him fearing what society may think . 
OBJECTIVE:1 set against the bright lights of manhattan , a tale which takes a comic , urbane look at the modern male ego at war in the singles scene trenches . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is dicaprio's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 though it is by no means his best work , laissez-passer is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 after all the big build-up , the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but craig wants to be boyfriends , while gary has other issues . 
OBJECTIVE:1 some of his most popular work was when he played " johnny wadd " private detective . 
OBJECTIVE:1 now the inmates are retaliating , with seagal and ja rule leading them . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they renege , but a legitimate kidney becomes available for transplant . 
OBJECTIVE:1 meanwhile , paro , on the other hand , performed her worldly duties sincerely , but inside her heart , she could never forget devdas for a moment . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the material couldn't possibly be more engaging , the implications of a " by marlowe " verdict positively earth-shattering . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 but even with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between jolie and burns . . . this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to screenwriting for dummies conformity . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film first relates the journey of afghans refugees fleeing the bombing and war around herat and other cities to take refuge in ill-equipped camps . 
OBJECTIVE:1 decades ago , the legendary james brown sold his soul to the devil for fame and fortune . 
OBJECTIVE:1 dramatic events throw them together on a journey with no money and no transport . 
OBJECTIVE:1 evergon is an affectionate tragicomedy that follows francis evergon in his last days among the unemployed . 
OBJECTIVE:1 kung pow : enter the fist is a movie within a movie , created to spoof the martial arts genre . 
OBJECTIVE:1 diesel stars as xander " xxx " cage , the notorious underground thrill seeker who until now has been deemed untouchable by the law . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the surprising skill and compassion that group's makers exhibit turns what could have been an uninvolving actor's exercise into a compelling and complicated emotional stew . 
OBJECTIVE:1 while the two are falling for each other , the syndicate boss coincidentally sees sienna and hires her as his personal dancer . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a morose little soap opera about three vapid , insensitive people who take turns hurting each other . it's a feature-length adaptation of one of those " can this marriage be saved ? " columns from ladies home journal . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i have a confession to make : i didn't particularly like e . t . the first time i saw it as a young boy . that is because - damn it ! - i also wanted a little alien as a friend ! 
OBJECTIVE:1 into their midst come a hotshot american , van zan ( matthew mcconaughey ) , who says he has a way to kill the beasts and save mankind - a way quinn's never seen done . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in 1959 , berry gordy jr . gathered the best musicians from detroit's thriving jazz and blues scene to begin cutting songs for his new record company . 
OBJECTIVE:1 now , johnny and lena ( wayne's girlfriend ) are asked to make the ultimate baby product , called mighty baby . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in a fantasy life she lives through her sketchbook , laura's world is exotic , bright and enchanting . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 sure , there are flaws , but the moments that do things properly see the screen burst with confidence , rhythm , heat and pizzazz . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [drumline] is entertaining for what it does , and admirable for what it doesn't do . 
OBJECTIVE:1 all while jolynn is persued by a masculine , toothpick chewing sheriff . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the movie is a satire of behind the music rock &#38 ; roll bands . 
OBJECTIVE:1 alenka indulges in the belief that her lover is dead in order to account for his absence . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 strong setup and ambitious goals fade as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and b-film thuggery . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a mobster's wife is forced to confront her dark side when her young child is kidnapped and held for ransom . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as he struggles for his humanity , he fights his oppressors and is quickly sent to " the shu " where his unbridled rage catapults him to the victor's circle . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 oops , she's really done it this time . that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it's compelling . 
OBJECTIVE:1 during his tenure , he was responsible for such revolutionary films as the godfather , rosemary's baby , love story , the odd couple , harold and maude and chinatown . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a full world has been presented onscreen , not some series of carefully structured plot points building to a pat resolution . 
OBJECTIVE:1 based on a true story , this is about the irish journalist veronica guerin ( cate blanchett ) , a reporter for the dublin sunday independent , who exposed some of dublin's most powerful crime barons and drug lords in 1996 . 
OBJECTIVE:1 based on gail carson levine's award winning novel , this is the story of ella , a young woman who was given a " gift " of obedience by a fairy named lucinda . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 'christian bale's quinn [is] a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '
SUBJECTIVE:0 with lesser talents , high crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable . with freeman and judd , i'll at least remember their characters . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the ensuing chaos , inez discovers the thorny side of true love and that finding one's soul mate is never quite what you'd expect . 
OBJECTIVE:1 enlisted for a dangerous covert mission , he must combat a clever , organized , and ruthless enemy far beyond the scope of his experience . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 nicks , seemingly uncertain what's going to make people laugh , runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it's like dying and going to celluloid heaven . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this bold and cathartic drama deserves to be experienced by those who cherish intimate dramas about individuals struggling against all odds to practice love , compassion , and forgiveness . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 here , adrian lyne comes as close to profundity as he is likely to get . 
OBJECTIVE:1 and what's worse , it might be coming back to get her . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie , so briskly alert in details , is generic in its guiding ideas . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he is sensitive and compassionate , speaks french fluently , is passionate about voltaire , and thinks the feature that tells the most about a woman is her hands . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire . 
OBJECTIVE:1 on this morning , johnny wakes to his mother's accusations that he has botched a simple scam , leaving them without enough money to payoff their inside man . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul . . . he elevates the experience to a more mythic level . 
OBJECTIVE:1 johann christoph haizmann , who lived in the 1650s , was a painter and a deeply disturbed individual . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the trinity assembly approaches the endeavor with a shocking lack of irony , and george ratliff's documentary , hell house , reflects their earnestness — which makes for a terrifying film . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i cry for i spy -- or i would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintage-tv spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind . 
OBJECTIVE:1  " underground poets railroad " is equal parts concert film of performances at universities , churches , fire stations and national monuments across the country ; road trip documentary ; and , ultimately , a tribute to the 12 black firefighters who gave their lives on september 11 . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original , but it doesn't disgrace it , either . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but there is one major problem--oscar's true love is his stepmother eve . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for the first time in several years , mr . allen has surpassed himself with the magic he's spun with the hollywood empress of ms . leoni's ellie . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as a fire chief , quinn ( christian bales ) is responsable for warding off the beasts and keeping a community alive as they eke out a meager existence . 
OBJECTIVE:1 before long , rosalind has five guys trailing behind her , looking to get their bungling hands on a piece of the action . 
OBJECTIVE:1 gainey ) - would unearth a seedy world of drugs and violence , ultimately revealing a motley crew from la's underbelly including ex-con david lind ( dylan mcdermott ) , nightclub impresario eddie nash ( eric bogosian ) , the most unlikely of american heroes - porn legend john holmes ( val kilmer ) - holmes' estranged wife sharon ( lisa kudrow ) and his teenage lover dawn schiller ( kate bosworth ) . " 
OBJECTIVE:1 claire soon learns that to navigate the military justice system , she'll need help from the somewhat unconventional charlie grimes ; meanwhile , claire's sister , jackie , is falling in love with wet-behind-the-ears lieutenant embry assigned as the official defense lawyer . 
OBJECTIVE:1 west has now identified an electrical phenomenon # the nee # which is discharged from the brain at the moment of death . . . and which may be the 'missing link' in his studies : if the nee is re-injected into a re-animated corpse , it should restore the 'subject' to full 'reason' . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an unsatisfying hybrid of blair witch and typical stalk-and-slash fare , where the most conservative protagonist is always the last one living . 
OBJECTIVE:1 alice must also come to terms with her slowly-returning memories . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film is faithful to what one presumes are the book's twin premises -- that we become who we are on the backs of our parents , but we have no idea who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  " the mothman prophecies " is a difficult film to shake from your conscience when night falls . 
OBJECTIVE:1 willy , on impulse , takes her captive and murders her . 
OBJECTIVE:1 filmed in a california maximum security prison , the series is a look into the world of street and prison gangs , which ask is there a way out for these men who have dedicated their lives to gangs . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this starts off with a 1950's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast . the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year ! 
OBJECTIVE:1 all these games of chasing , rejecting and seducing are played out in an economically and spiritually depressed hong kong , without much gusto . 
OBJECTIVE:1 peter becomes trapped in a repeating circle of time , getting the chance to strike up conversations with jen fresh each time . 
OBJECTIVE:1 one day , margalo is nowhere to be found , so stuart and snowbell set out across the city to find her while george covers for stuart ( the first time he's had to lie ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a charming , vibrant , if under-edited adaptation of v . s . naipaul's genially cynical novel . 
OBJECTIVE:1 on the day of the trial someone intends to blow up the courthouse and kill harper in the process . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a cogent yet hilarious indictment of our soul-destroying urban existence . 
OBJECTIVE:1 their calendar became a worldwide sensation , out-selling even of britney spears and cindy crawford . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a slick new york publicist ( farrell ) who picks up a ringing receiver in a phone booth is told that if he hangs up , he'll be killed . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater provides . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 writer/director burr steers knows how to show irony , the trouble with kids , and new yorkers taking casual sex for granted . 
OBJECTIVE:1 thomas' wish comes true and he stays up all night watching her . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a sad , superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the partnership , israeli settlers arrange permits from the israeli military , allowing palestinians to work from the area k beach . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i walked away not really know who " they " were , what " they " looked like . why " they " were here and what " they " wanted and quite honestly , i didn't care . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when the apocalypse arrives , it takes the form of a bio-chemical virus , contaminating the cities , mountains , and shorelines . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but paul's dream job turns into a nightmare of sex for hire , drugs and violence . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 …a big , baggy , sprawling carnival of a movie , stretching out before us with little rhyme or reason . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a strong enough effort to be worthy of faint praise . 
OBJECTIVE:1  " politics are murder " is a " film noir " comedy mixing dry martinis with politics and murder . 
OBJECTIVE:1 now their quickly expanding population threatens the existence of vampires , and soon there won't be enough humans in the world to satisfy their bloodlust . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a path that will lead to the day in and day out drudgery of a soul-less survival or a path that will lead them down the road in pursuit their dreams . 
OBJECTIVE:1 harnessing the explosive momentum of the internet , anime heralds a revolution in 21st century youth culture . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 may take its sweet time to get wherever it's going , but if you have the patience for it , you won't feel like it's wasted yours . 
OBJECTIVE:1 silicon valley 1999 : a new gold rush is sweeping through california . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 godard has pared down his extravagances into a densely concentrated , resonant simplicity . 
OBJECTIVE:1 chasing life ( pulsa&#231 ; &#227 ; o zero ) is an action/comedy about 25 year old lovable loser alex who , when his life hits rock bottom and decides to end it all , shares his dogs euthanasia poison just moments before a dramatic turn of events sends him hilariously and desperately seeking the antidote which he must find within 4 hours or die . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 throwing caution to the wind with an invitation to the hedonist in us all , nair has constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another . 
OBJECTIVE:1 chomsky places the terrorist attacks in the context of american foreign intervention throughout the postwar decades--in vietnam , central america , the middle east , and elsewhere . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it may only be the third date , but tony knows it's time to pop the question and make the beautiful , shy katrina his wife . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as the script progresses , layers are slowly pulled away revealing secret relationships and subversive undercurrents - the wedding shower quickly becomes a free for all . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 we've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there's an enthusiastic charm in <i ? fire that makes the formula fresh again . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film is surprisingly well-directed by brett ratner , who keeps things moving well -- at least until the problematic third act . 
OBJECTIVE:1 lando , after knowing the situation , attempted to kill roman . 
OBJECTIVE:1 with a little help from the well connected and seductive daughter of a columbian gangster , he becomes a drug kingpin with a nationwide monopoly on drug running . 
OBJECTIVE:1 before he can do anything about it , though , jed is seduced by jackson's lesbian artist friend . 
OBJECTIVE:1 not about to lose the fortune she amassed with her self-serving texas husband , she makes an offer to her process server , joe ( matthew perry ) that sets them off on a wild trip across the country . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he's fascinated by a candy machine , and asks his mother for money , but she refuses . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 nothing in waking up in reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but without a doubt , chomsky , now 73 , is one of the most straight-talking and committed dissidents of our time . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . little more than a well-acted television melodrama shot for the big screen . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he doesn't accept himself and even everyday contacts with others cause his aggression . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  " 13 conversations about one thing " is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the actors are all charged up by their roles , and it rubs off on us : you walk out with a caffeine- and-doughnut high . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 director nalin pan doesn't do much to weigh any arguments one way or the other . he simply presents his point of view that ayurveda works . no question . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the end of innocence has already begun and a new path , dark and hopeful , stands waiting like the ships beyond her window . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this dramatically shaky contest of wills only reiterates the old hollywood saw : evil is interesting and good is boring . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he then goes to paris where he prepares to make a political film criticizing the state of repression in his native land . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen . 
OBJECTIVE:1 with the help of a sexy and elusive young woman named bad girl ( king ) , they come together to do battle with the kung fu master who'll stop at nothing to get the scroll . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he retires from his dangerous job after his best pal kamandag was killed by a mysterious kidnapping syndicate leader . 
OBJECTIVE:1 however to keep the image of him as a sex guru going he has to get more lessons from sharonna whom he begins to fall for despite using her . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the chateau . . . is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters . 
OBJECTIVE:1 leon ( revilla ) , known as kilabot , is an nbi agent who also works as a tattoo artist by day . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending . 
OBJECTIVE:1 crazy jones is the story of finnigan jones , a depressed , semi-suicidal leaf-blower with tourette's syndrome ( t . s . ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme doesn't drag an audience down . 
OBJECTIVE:1 upon his arrival he hears talk about monroe hutchen ( snipes ) who is the top ranked prison boxing champ 10 years running . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 once convicted , he ends up on death row in texas himself , telling his story to a reporter through a series of flashbacks . 
OBJECTIVE:1 instead of being the happy father-in-law , shocked jack attempts to kill himself back in las vegas as he realizes patricia's rejection . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a great ensemble cast can't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar . 
OBJECTIVE:1 sensing that he has become but another mark for his mother to con , johnny flees with her money . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as his clients become more frantic and demanding , ray begins to unravel , questioning the morality of his profession . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is a beautifully sensitive portrait of a unique school and , a very special teacher . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this film is not a love letter for the slain rappers , it's a taunt -a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered . 
OBJECTIVE:1 people were fleeing away from the air raids on kandahar , herat and others cities and villages . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 although estela bravo's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro , it's still a guilty pleasure to watch . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the friends may listen , but when do they learn , maybe never or only when the journey begins with you ! . 
OBJECTIVE:1 besides him , the other residents are " baggers , " human-like creatures that are infected by the tall man's blood , the dwarves , and , of course , the silver spheres , all trying to break out of the barrier that contains them and into the real world . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 secretary " is owned by its costars , spader and gyllenhaal . maggie g . makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen . 
OBJECTIVE:1 on his way he gets again and again into situations of obsessive self-uncovering . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful french coming-of-age film . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 however , boey and wayne get closer and johnny ( who had broken up with samantha ) falls for his new secretart , the paranoid sabrina . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 good for a few unintentional laughs , " extreme ops " was obviously made for the " xxx " crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 filmmaker tian zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power . 
OBJECTIVE:1 perceiving his resignation as cowardice , his friends and fiancee give him four white feathers , the symbol of cowardice , but little do they know he's actually going undercover and plans to redeem his honor . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but all efforts are suddenly frustrated once again , when choi takes his own life . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them . 
OBJECTIVE:1 an astonishing feat for a major star let alone a 27 year old from pickum , south carolina who only two years ago was sleeping in a cardboard box in the back alleys of detroit with her mother , connie , and her uncle clutch , while playing guitar on the streets for spare change . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie provides an intimate glimpse of how sensibilities as compatible as oil and water forced themselves to blend and create a successful work despite their aesthetic differences . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [shyamalan] turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this version's no classic like its predecessor , but its pleasures are still plentiful . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if your taste runs to 'difficult' films you absolutely can't miss it . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 panic room fits nicely within the trajectory of the elegant career arc fincher has already plotted . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great . 
OBJECTIVE:1 if she can come to terms with it , rachel might just have a chance at love . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the " easiest " ( and most dangerous ) way to get it is working for some drug-dealers . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 `martin lawrence live' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the next day , cac&#225 ; is attacked by two street kids who wanted some money , and thinks pqd is somehow involved . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 human resources was a good , straightforward tale , but time out is better . it's haunting . it's like a poem . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 curling may be a unique sport but men with brooms is distinctly ordinary . 
OBJECTIVE:1 young marrieds lori and tom relocate from chicago to the country where they end up living next to carl , a right-wing radical who beats his wife , helen . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as the national media become more sedate and incurious , this country desperately needs a gadfly like moore . indeed , we need more like him . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 4 friends , 2 couples , 2000 miles , and all the pabst blue ribbon beer they can drink - it's the ultimate redneck road-trip . 
OBJECTIVE:1 on returning to england , george heads north where he's heard the land is good and the population sparse and of a kindly king named edgaar . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish . 
OBJECTIVE:1 though the bosses killed his father , he is loyal to them and is considered family . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 viewing this underdramatized but overstated film is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some freudian puppet . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 you have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they're each interesting . the movie is well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 eric byler's nuanced pic avoids easy sentiments and explanations . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the egoists is an ensemble piece that reveals the lives of several characters as they are brought together to mount a theatrical production . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as a result of this unfortunate circumstance , ella cannot refuse any command , and is often left at the mercy of unscrupulous personalities . 
OBJECTIVE:1 purpo$e is a story about business in the new millenium , and a world shifted away from quality to quantity . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 depending upon your reaction to this movie , you may never again be able to look at a red felt sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it . if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 lynn runs into yan , the cousin of an old friend who died . 
OBJECTIVE:1 will david or matt learn the true meaning of love ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the plot is paper-thin and the characters aren't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they can't go wrong . better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh . an excellent sequel . 
OBJECTIVE:1 frustrated with the official investigation and haunted by the thought that the man responsible for murdering his family might never be brought to justice , brewer takes matters into his own hands and tracks his quarry ultimately to colombia . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's a bad action movie because there's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring . 
OBJECTIVE:1 bruce is a down on his luck tv news reporter . 
OBJECTIVE:1 faced with a $10 million lawsuit , the department agrees to let producer chase renzi film mitch's investigation for a new reality tv show , and constantly tries to make everything more " viewer friendly " by changing everything about mitch's life to fit the stereotypical view of police officers--and partners him with trey . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story follows ancanar , the sole heir to the rammoth valley and the last in the line of telganan . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as reality bleeds into hallucination , rothko decides to take the man for a walk . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 quite funny for the type of movie it is . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 while being led away , some re-agent falls from his pocket where it is picked up by a young man that was camping nearby . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the truly independent film , the after school special , was a simple story that said so much and touched people in so many ways . 
OBJECTIVE:1 marco and melanie , a young married couple , are living a life of passion , with chaotic situations , and all the little frustrations of daily life . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 'like a child with an important message to tell . . . [skins'] faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty . '
SUBJECTIVE:0 a witty screen adaptation of this classic comedy of manners with its generous supply of snappy one-liners . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a comic tale about the end of the summer in ireland , 2001 , where 5 boys and 5 girls are out to end the summer with a bang before heading back to school to sit the final exams , only to be thwarted by comic mishappenings . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 hey arnold ! the movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and it ain't pretty . 
OBJECTIVE:1 bobby and susan have found in each other what most only dream of finding , their soul mate . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 legendary irish writer brendan behan's memoir , borstal boy , has been given a loving screen transferral . 
OBJECTIVE:1 matt lee has to stay a few steps ahead of his own police force and everyone he's trusted in order to find out the truth . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film . 
OBJECTIVE:1 erin , who we discover is a master manipulator of the men in the gang , reveals another side to jack - a melancholy romantic who could have been a classical pianist . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in 1946 , tests began using nazi v-1 " buzz bombs " launched from the decks of american diesel submarines . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 skip work to see it at the first opportunity . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 raimi and his team couldn't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen . 
OBJECTIVE:1 that's right , a place where people come together . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 scared and confused , frank and caroline must find their way back home , all the while avoiding danger at every turn . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter . 
OBJECTIVE:1 for his drug is not dope or crack or smack . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 uma thurman stars in quentin tarantino's fourth film venture , kill bill . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 or this could be the start of a nightmare - the likes of which she could never have imagined . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a love triangle about young people trying to communicate in world where communication is about to change forever . 
OBJECTIVE:1 sean's a drug dealer , owes a lot of money to " fellow " dealer rupert guest ( clifton collins , jr . ) , and sleeps with nearly half of the female population on campus . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to ichi . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it tries too hard , and overreaches the logic of its own world . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's the kind of movie you can't quite recommend because it is all windup and not much of a pitch , yet you can't bring yourself to dislike it . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 belongs in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , and this is why i have given it a one-star rating . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 dazzling in its complexity , disturbing for its extraordinary themes , the piano teacher is a film that defies categorisation . it haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away . ah yes , and then there's the music . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they literally bump heads one night , and become best friends . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he pays the price for his sleepless night , however , the next morning when his father awakens him into a whole nude world . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i don't think i laughed out loud once . and when you're talking about a slapstick comedy , that's a pretty big problem . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 anchored by a terrific performance by abbass , satin rouge shows that the idea of women's self-actualization knows few continental divides . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 lessons abound for the students and teacher culminating in a reunion 25 years later . 
OBJECTIVE:1 loonies is a film with light-hearted and cheeky humour that , in a moving way , takes us into the pleasantly disturbed world of five somewhat romanticised psychiatric patients . 
OBJECTIVE:1 mysteriously , she can see her wise , grandfather-like angel . 
OBJECTIVE:1 katherine releases all her other clients in order to manage exclusively only her most promising talent . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what's most refreshing about real women have curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre . 
OBJECTIVE:1 led by the brilliant and sadistic chester lamb , the invaders are surprised to discover sam and the kids from the detention room are still inside the school . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 that rara avis : the intelligent romantic comedy with actual ideas on its mind . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 on the surface a silly comedy , scotland , pa would be forgettable if it weren't such a clever adaptation of the bard's tragic play . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 jaglom . . . put[s] the audience in the privileged position of eavesdropping on his characters
OBJECTIVE:1 a young rebell oversteps the boarder between stage and life on the trail of francois villon . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 director kevin bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the " miami vice " checklist of power boats , latin music and dog tracks . he doesn't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show's trademark style and flash . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a unique and irreverent look at new york's cubicle filled sweatshops . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the plan goes awry when trasha and her psychosis find themselves a paying gig and tables are turned , trashed and burned . 
OBJECTIVE:1 stands paralyzed , and she is only saved by the intervention of the experienced climber , lasse . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 robinson's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates . 
OBJECTIVE:1 amelia is a jaded top model , nina is a midwestern innocent on her first trip , fernanda is a bisexual supermodel , ellie is the calm , sensible stylist . 
OBJECTIVE:1 matt , a city boy , island hopping to take in the festival of fire , hears that she has been tricked ; for jake is not dying . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in late summer 1973 , michael skid , the son of a well-to-do judge , returns home and rents a dilapidated farm . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's shocking , intense , and totally creepy , yet compelling and sad . jeremy renner gives a career-making performance . 
OBJECTIVE:1  " secondhand lions " follows the comedic adventures of an introverted boy ( osment ) left on the doorstep of a pair of reluctant , eccentric great-uncles ( caine and duvall ) , whose exotic remembrances stir the boy's spirit and re-ignite the men's lives . 
OBJECTIVE:1 together , they plan to build their definite house over land that belonged to gregorio's grandfather , but little does the rest of the family suspect that beneath the terrain there is a huge number of weapons buried by gregorio during his youth . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the crew traveled with the band to their homes in obninsk , russia and to their music conservatories in moscow , documenting how these two girls and five boys became so adept at playing american country music . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 you'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot . you'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 well , jason's gone to manhattan and hell , i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , don't shoot the messenger ) . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the entire town begins to look for ellen when she fails to appear at home that night . 
OBJECTIVE:1 beary barrinson , a ten-year-old bear cub raised by humans , heads for tennessee to find his birth family . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 reminds viewers of how beautiful and sexy a pregnant woman can be . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he gives t-mon the gun , while t-mon tries to get the trick right . 
OBJECTIVE:1 calvin now has unbelievable basketball powers and has the chance to play for the nba . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he resorts to whiskey-smuggling , a traditional family occupation . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but things did not work as he planned , until . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 normally , rohmer's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 painted with broad strokes but with a palette of rich , colorful details . 
OBJECTIVE:1 no one else , that is , until an extra-ordinary group of six outlaws lands on their front porch . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the boys' sparring , like the succession of blows dumped on guei , wears down the story's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements . 
OBJECTIVE:1 accompanying them is jon's " soulmate , " todd , a 35-year old businessman recklessly reliving his adolescence , plus other " circuit friends " the boys make along the way . 
OBJECTIVE:1 two brothers choose the opposite sides in a civil war of a small country . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you can't wait to see end . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 whether you like rap music or loathe it , you can't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie . 
OBJECTIVE:1 at first , it seems like a great place to hideout but soon they find themselves smack dab in the center of a family that gives a whole new definition to the word crazy and makes them think that maybe they'd be better off with the mob . 
OBJECTIVE:1 forging a connection with the creature is easier for mac than getting his father's attention until both man and beast need all the help they can get . 
OBJECTIVE:1 william winslow " ( ron perlman ) , the chief psychiatrist at brookdale . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this bold and lyrical first feature from raja amari expands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when one of them tells the other a rumor that he might be a homicidal maniac they are all scared of him . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 quick pace , no lulls , many silly bits and a soundtrack that knows how to back this kind of satirical comedy
OBJECTIVE:1 but someone else has also returned to campus , and with a darker and altogether bloodier purpose in mind . 
OBJECTIVE:1 approaching his 18th birthday , david drops out of school and runs away from home and from a conflicting relationship with his mother elena . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film's plot may be shallow , but you've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as night falls , the terrified group of young athletes must fight their own fears and prejudices and come together in a seemingly hopeless struggle asainst a winged nightmare , hellbent on stockpiling as many victims as it can on the ultimate night of its grizzly , ritual feast . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the murdered psychiatrist's former boyfriend quickly becomes the prime suspect , a fanatical character named choi . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a group of hard core female inmates are trained by the military . 
OBJECTIVE:1 witt plays a young harvard graduate who also represents grant's character . 
OBJECTIVE:1 everything had been going along smoothly until the gang entered their final year of high school and the stakes were upped by the school's principal , mrs . stark . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 dares to look conventional hollywood wisdom in the eye and refuses to blink
OBJECTIVE:1 but his yearning for expression , love and devotion stays unsatisfied . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the backyard follows several backyard wrestlers in different countries as they pursue their dream to become professional wrestlers . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but can it succeed against a seemingly stronger terminator ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life . 
OBJECTIVE:1 soon , they discover that their x-laced escapades are to be interrupted by zombies and monsters that attack them on the ground , from the air , and in the sea , ruled by an evil entity in the house of the dead . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 five office workers are taken hostage by shy colleague neil ( ned dennehy ) , and his evil hand puppet morgan . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 admirers of director abel ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form . 
OBJECTIVE:1 his search soon sends him down a dangerous path . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 on the surface , their exchanges are trivial and stilted . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 somewhat blurred , but kinnear's performance is razor sharp . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but there are some surprises on the way . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this modern-day , fantasy cinderella features fairies , ogres and elves . . . as 
OBJECTIVE:1 including finding the anti-christ , who is now a 11-year-old boy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the plot is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults . 
OBJECTIVE:1 their parents , miffed by this , decide to go and kidnap st . nick , unaware that their plan will soon backfire upon them in fun and happy ways . 
OBJECTIVE:1 years of guilt and sorrow tumble over each other as vince struggles to retain his sanity and understand who it is he is hoping to find alive . 
OBJECTIVE:1 amerika , zed and kyle are good friends until the excitingly undermedicated bitch goddess trasha enters the frame , cutting kyle off from his friends and their vacuous and unencumbered world of beer and porn . 
OBJECTIVE:1 through simon , patricia strengthens her self-confidence to finally quit chicago . 
OBJECTIVE:1 these three seemingly unrelated storylines are interwoven and brought together in plastik-man , a modern take on the gangster genre . 
OBJECTIVE:1 siti accepts the challenge , as this will help the popularity and rating of her show " cable news international " to increase . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 not a bad choice here , assuming that . . . the air-conditioning in the theater is working properly . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con . 
OBJECTIVE:1 several years after his release , his drug-using father manny comes back into his life and kilo reluctantly welcomes him back with a job overseeing all of his drug runners . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a moving story of determination and the human spirit . 
OBJECTIVE:1 'the nugget' is a tale about a group of three roadworkers who stumble upon the world's biggest nugget , and become instant millionaires - or so they think . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the chateau cleverly probes the cross-cultural differences between gauls and yanks . 
OBJECTIVE:1 however , soon they have the cops and the anti-terror corps on their tails . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you're going to alter the bard's ending , you'd better have a good alternative . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a tropical setting : a dying man , his life a disaster of decadence and mis-spent emotion . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches . 
OBJECTIVE:1 oh yes , and there are no rules in the game . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in…and making you sweat . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take . 
OBJECTIVE:1 set on an island off the coast of florida , a techno rave party attracts a diverse group of college coeds and a coast guard officer . 
OBJECTIVE:1 during quinn's surveillance of tasha , planning for the perfect moment to make his kill , he becomes infatuated with her beauty and pure innocence . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 his comedy premises are often hackneyed or just plain crude , calculated to provoke shocked laughter , without following up on a deeper level . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside st . petersburg's hermitage museum . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the embodiment of the very message it so modestly conveys -- it's the accomplished little guy we fervently root for . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 professionally speaking , it's tempting to jump ship in january to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a theme park owned by a man named , mondavarious . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 no amount of nostalgia for carvey's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey's considerable talents are wasted in it . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 steve irwin's method is ernest hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as commander-in-chief of this film , bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year's worst cinematic tragedies . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the middle of loneliness , and after realizing that filmmaking is more than just filming , he decides to start over again . 
OBJECTIVE:1 based on a true story , sergeant peter king ( kenneth cranham ) of the army dental corps , too old to fight , and private leslie cuthbertson ( leo bill ) , a trainee dental mechanic in the corps , are thrown together by their passionate desire to see active service . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this is the story of a pot-smoking , free-wheeling los angeles record producer ( mcdormand ) , with a rock star boyfriend ( nivola ) , whose straight-laced son ( bale ) comes back home after graduation from harvard medical school with his rich fianc&#233 ; ( beckinsale ) , who's working on a book . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 after collateral damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned . but no . 
OBJECTIVE:1 niko prefers to pen his berlin tales on the counter of a funky bar behind the shark tank . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in venice , italy , a team of expert theives pulls a daring heist of 35 million dollars in bars of gold . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 to say analyze that is de niro's best film since meet the parents sums up the sad state of his recent career . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 parker probably thinks he's shaking up a classic the way kenneth branagh and baz luhrmann have , but this half-hearted messing-about just makes us miss wilde's still-contemporary play . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the main story . . . is compelling enough , but it's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the dark silence of the sea during world war ii , the submarine u . s . s . 
OBJECTIVE:1 van wilder is a guy who has been at his college for seven years . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she - pert , forward , a ball of fire - has just thrown her mobile away after an angry tete-a-tete with her ( ex- ) boyfriend . 
OBJECTIVE:1 everyone's favorite mad scientist herbert west is currently in jail after having state's evidence turned against him by his former assistant , dan cain . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the tone errs on the shrill side , tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 comes off like a bad imitation of the bard . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he was married to former adult star <a href= " /name ? holmes , %20laurie " >laurie 
OBJECTIVE:1 based on frances mayes' memoir of the same name . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 martin and barbara are complex characters -- sometimes tender , sometimes angry -- and the delicate performances by sven wollter and viveka seldahl make their hopes and frustrations vivid . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill
OBJECTIVE:1 she's willing to put him through just about anything to " cure " him of t . s . , with pills , counseling , electro-shock therapy , etc . mom's also concerned about finn's future - who will care for him ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 their race against the clock to find the precious stones ultimately unravels a plot to distribute a deadly new weapon of war . 
OBJECTIVE:1 set in the colourful world of horseracing , horseplay follows the chaotic life of a wannabe horse trainer as he deals with the turf , the ladies and everyone else out to get him . 
OBJECTIVE:1 with all this going on , gerry's estranged wife margaret is worried for her daughter's safety and finds herself another target in the race to find the code . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 after an uncertain start , murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock's memorable first interrogation of gosling . 
OBJECTIVE:1 postponing his desire to play basketball on the school team , steve finds an after-school job to support himself and pursues a relationship with the affluent but unhappy sally ( arielle paul ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it is best appreciated as an immersion in a three-dimensional toyland outfitted with enough whimsical gadgetry to fill a thousand playrooms . 
OBJECTIVE:1 however after roxie has undergone the 'casting couch' treatment , and fred has had his wicked way with her , he reveals that he has no more connections in showbusiness than she does . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 despite the surface attractions -- conrad l . hall's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- there's something impressive and yet lacking about everything . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the attorney leaves the scene of the accident and strands the salesman , causing him to miss his custody hearing . 
OBJECTIVE:1 throughout the rest of the movie , the two never got along , whereas mitch is trying to investigate the whereabouts of a criminal who possesses a mythical " big gun " that has enough firepower to collapse a house , while trey just wants to be famous . 
OBJECTIVE:1 although she came back to the house in order to sell it , things begin to take a different direction : the house itself , the furniture and other equipment in it seem to become alive for anna , recalling images of her past , her beloved parents and her friend max , who once gave her shelter from the raging policemen when she took part as a photo journalist in a political demonstration in berlin . 
OBJECTIVE:1 now a full time tattoo artist , he meets a young student named sienna ( de rossi ) who secretly works as a bar stripper . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a dutch girl is getting sick of always losing her boyfriends , so when she loses her newest " gain " she decides to follow max ( her friend ) to new york where he's starting a carreer as an actor . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a movie that hovers somewhere between an acute character study and a trite power struggle . 
OBJECTIVE:1 over the next few days , united by nothing more than their common suffering , the two young women form an unlikely friendship to cope with the tragic events that threaten to overwhelm them . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride . this is a more fascinating look at the future than " bladerunner " and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a sweet film about two gentle souls - there is a genuine caring between them that feels like watching old friends . 
OBJECTIVE:1 no ill effects are immediately apparent to lena's relatives in their spacious house on the prosperous side of town . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for those with the stomach and stamina for its heartbeat-quickening intensity and body-slamming action , rollerball delivers exactly what it promises : a people's hero you can really get behind . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers' hearts . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he also meets yuki , a 9-year-old guitar prodigy , who could help dewey win a " battle of the bands " competition , which would solve his financial problems and put him back in the spotlight . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is a rare twisted crowd-pleaser for longtime fans as well as novices -- or for those that don't know an arachnid from an insect . 
OBJECTIVE:1 lives hang in the balance as they scramble to unravel the mystery and protect the student body from their own hatred and fear . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the second : a saturday two years later , where charlotte and cecil now a couple , fight , break-up and finally reunite . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this compelling undercover documentary is not for the faint of heart , taking you deep into a world where very often pain and blood are the price of glory . 
OBJECTIVE:1 already living in a society that mistrusts them , the mutants are faced with even more discrimination after an unforeseen enemy - who may be a mutant with extraordinary powers - launches a devastating attack . 
OBJECTIVE:1 connie sumner has a loving husband , a beautiful home , and a wonderful son , but she wants more . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 on this tricky topic , tadpole is very much a step in the right direction , with its blend of frankness , civility and compassion . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the homespun musician couldn't have done it without the support of his family , friends , lovers and the neighborhood kids he called 'starchildren' , all of whom paint the big picture of bruce's life legacy and 'dimension of imagination' . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the fact that the filmmakers family is integral to this slice of life takes us that much closer to it all . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 even if the world doesn't see things the way [michael moore] does , his questions are worth asking . … and bowling for columbine benefits from his iconoclastic zeal . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels . so , too , is this comedy about mild culture clashing in today's new delhi . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 while 'manhunter' takes the prize for stylishness , 'dragon' is much scarier and more emotionally involving . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama . 
OBJECTIVE:1 francis takes advantage of his wife success and reputation to bring his ambitious casino project of its feet . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 pryor lite , with half the demons , half the daring , much less talent , many fewer laughs . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 …passable enough for a shoot-out in the o . k . court house of life type of flick . strictly middle of the road . 
OBJECTIVE:1 and it seems that the only thing that he can't do , is alter a person's free will , so if he wants her back , he has to do it the hard way . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 too much of storytelling moves away from solondz's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur's professional injuries . 
OBJECTIVE:1 writer/director steve oedekerk uses contemporary characters and splices them into a 1970s kung-fu film , weaving the new and old together . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 truth is stranger than fiction , so the old saying goes . in 'catch me if you can , ' it's also more entertaining . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 flounders due to the general sense that no two people working on the production had exactly the same thing in mind . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  " 13 conversations " holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 fontaine's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if you liked the 1982 film then , you'll still like it now . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's no real reason to see it , and no real reason not to . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 good , -- * interviews with dp neihouse and astronaut susan helms * 
OBJECTIVE:1 during lunch , michael , plays his well-used race card to make victoria uncomfortable . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 just when the movie seems confident enough to handle subtlety , it dives into soapy bathos . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the " actress " becomes an overnight sensation , with a major singing career as well , and everyone thinks she's a real person . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie is the strangest experience : a matter-of-fact thing that swallows you whole . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 with so many movies out there trying and failing to produce a single honest thrill , it's so nice to see one come along that's packed from start to finish with 'em . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film's ability to make its subject interesting to those who aren't part of its supposed target audience . judging by those standards , 'scratch' is a pretty decent little documentary . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the respective charms of sandra bullock and hugh grant have worn threadbare . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ratliff deserves high marks for his restraint and willingness not to try and shape or mold our opinion regarding what is being shown . 
OBJECTIVE:1 upon discovering her infidelity , roxie's husband amos refuses to take the blame for the murder and roxie is sent to jail , pending hanging . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1/2 . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 es divertida , visualmente espectacular y muy entretenida . simple y sencillamente te sorprenderá . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the lady and the duke is eric rohmer's economical antidote to the bloated costume drama
OBJECTIVE:1 unsuspectingly they step into an arena where nothing is business as usual . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 whenever you think you've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . but , no , we get another scene , and then another . you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain . 
OBJECTIVE:1 rupi who is totally devoted to kanna does try to convince ghisu . 
OBJECTIVE:1 however , she also finds links to a foundation that runs a shelter for battered women , paradiset . 
OBJECTIVE:1 tabloid journalist annika bengtzon is writing about a murder in the port of stockholm and she suspects that the yugoslav mafia is involved . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film's sharp , often mischievous sense of humor will catch some off guard . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 so she writes it using info from people who talk about him and writes an unflattering piece , which doesn't make him happy . 
OBJECTIVE:1 blake now starts to sink into the scary , twisted world of the master where sharing , sacrifice and loyalty take on bizarre and dangerous new meanings . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's incredibly enjoyable to watch derrida pick apart , and fight against , the very process and premise of making a film about someone , particularly him . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 so much about the film is loopy and ludicrous . . . that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in their new environment , the men relinquish their frat mentality and realize how hurtful they have been to women over the years . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the director films a story of an immigrant actor who struggles with his religious and sexual identity in the new land . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this riveting world war ii moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of american culture : racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 grief is awkward and funny and strange sometimes . so is moonlight mile . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if you're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus , sade is your film . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as dex prepares to do battle with herb , he must also deal with all the intricacies it takes to make a relationship work . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 rodriguez . . . was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what the director can&#8217 ; t do is make either of val kilmer&#8217 ; s two personas interesting or worth caring about . 
OBJECTIVE:1 on a concert tour in india , they marry at a secret and romantic ceremony without any press attention . 
OBJECTIVE:1 two women , one spoiled and clinging , the other unawakened but formidable . 
OBJECTIVE:1 hale bopp is the story of just such a woman ; her name is rachel . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the sequel drops the adult aspects of the story in favor of talking reindeer and a life-size , plastic santa replacement ( also played by allen ) that is strongly reminiscent of that creepy family from the duracell commercials . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the jokes sometimes fall flat , but the weirdness and darkening of tone make for quirky fun . 
OBJECTIVE:1 oscar james takes ryan on a rollercoaster ride of mayhem and madness , but everything has a price and oscar won't let ryan easily escape this carnage-strewn nightmare 'til the final showdown when he reveals his real purpose . 
OBJECTIVE:1 now ten years later , his hope in life now is to find line , an ideal woman lost in his imagination . 
OBJECTIVE:1 bret has an idea that will push them both across lines they'd never seriously considered crossing . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . but be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still . or that the battery on your watch has died . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's got the brawn , but not the brains . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the only threat mastermind thief charlie croker ( wahlberg ) never saw coming was a member of his own crew . 
OBJECTIVE:1 based on the edgar allen poe short story , " the facts in the case of m . valdemar , " comedy revolves around a doctor who convinces a dying man's family to allow him to put the man in a trance as he takes his final breaths . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one of the most successful , provocative and intensely contemporary of israeli films , so much so that to watch it is to feel the country having a passionate argument with itself . 
OBJECTIVE:1 thus , christina spends the rest of the movie searching for him with her best friend courtney . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 adolescents will be adequately served by the movie's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a 'topless tutorial service . '
OBJECTIVE:1 making matters worse , vince is having trouble discerning reality from memory . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in addition to hoffman's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the entire movie is in need of a scented bath . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 vega and ulloa give strong performances as the leading lovers and there are some strong supporting turns , particularly from najwa nimri . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , john c . walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the historionaut , a history machine , produces an incessant stream of remembered , contemporary and future images . 
OBJECTIVE:1 though each with their distinctive story , all three are interwoven with the other . 
OBJECTIVE:1 winslow had abandoned the experiments long ago , however ex-patient/caretaker , " ernst " ( michael zelnicker ) has developed a symbiotic , telepathic relationship with the rodents , and they thrive off of each other . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they come across each other again and want to make their fathers' wish come true , so they arrange for yoyo and cheung to meet in london . 
OBJECTIVE:1 jack ( samuel l . jackson ) finds himself being held hostage while the criminals decide what to do with him , and the leader's beautiful girlfriend , erin ( milla jovovich ) , is left alone to watch jack . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's none of the happily-ever -after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that's part of what makes dover kosashvili's outstanding feature debut so potent . 
OBJECTIVE:1 giving birth to her first child should be a time of happiness for rachel ( emily woof ) , but the dream is shattered when she learns that her newborn baby has died during the night . 
OBJECTIVE:1 driven by romantic illusion to join the french foreign legion , simon learns what it truly means to be a hero . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a young boy is devastated when the planned vacation with his father is cancelled due to an emergency salvage mission at a remote canadian lake . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 lan yu is at times too restrained , yet there are moments it captures the erotics of intimacy in a way that makes most american love stories look downright unfree . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's a shame that pokemon 4ever's dialogue is so trite and flatly delivered because the tale itself presents serious ideas worthy of more poetic language . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a cold-hearted judge finds out when a seemingly crazy young couple break into his house and take him captive . 
OBJECTIVE:1 then , in 1974 , something incredible happened - they fell in love . 
OBJECTIVE:1 yeh kaisi mohabbat ( ykm ) is a romantic thriller . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 though mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic , its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a jules and jim for the new millennium . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an excellent date movie , because you and your date will likely be clinging on to each other within 10 minutes . 
OBJECTIVE:1 inspector mo eventually discovers through a tabloid magazine that a self-proclaimed psychic named shana had phoned a radio program on the day of the kidnapping to warn of the incident . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 how i killed my father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you're watching an iceberg melt -- only it never melts . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a canny franchise escapade ; it gets the job done . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the movie details the experiences of 'peter pan' author j . m . barrie , which lead him to write the children's classic . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the sequel is everything the original was not : contrived , overblown and tie-in ready . 
OBJECTIVE:1 'tracks' is based on the true-story of a middle class white suburban teenagers who unknowingly committed a senseless act of violence in july of 1982 . 
OBJECTIVE:1 thomas , the studious and responsible brother , creates a better life for himself through education and hard , honest work . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 watching beanie and his gang put together his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 well as a hero in the guise of prince charmont , whom ella falls in love with . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it's actually watchable . even more baffling is that it's funny . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession – one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom . 
OBJECTIVE:1 however when her doodles of a spiralling forest continue to draw themselves it is only the start of a creative process that will see her removed from her dull form . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 chilling but uncommercial look into the mind of jeffrey dahmer , serial killer . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this is the story of a deaf mute who is laid off , and his sister , who requires a kidney transplant . 
OBJECTIVE:1 his mother persuades a renowned entomologist to take them on a trip to the jungle to search for the butterfly , leading to an adventure that will transform their lives . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 oliver parker brings the wit's [oscar wilde] work to the screen in a solidly rendered creation . 
OBJECTIVE:1 by the end of their phenomenal run , this unheralded group of musicians had played on more number ones hits than the beach boys , the rolling stones , elvis and the beatles combined - which makes them the greatest hit machine in the history of popular music . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character's story . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 third time's the charm . . . yeah , baby ! 
OBJECTIVE:1 the desperate miauczynski personalizes our own fears and obsessions , which have become so visible recently . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a seemingly inconistent game of " taboo " brings out the vile secrets and sexual desires from a group of six college graduates at a remote mansion where one of them flips out and proceeds to kill the rest in the manner of their secrets . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a subtle variation on i spit on your grave in which our purported heroine pathologically avenges a hatred for men . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as their adopted identity grows , the gang tumbles into a downward spiral of excitement , excess and fun . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in scope , ambition and accomplishment , children of the century . . . takes kurys' career to a whole new level . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation . 
OBJECTIVE:1 tonight there's a dancing competition at the hottest salsa restaurant in copenhagen . 
OBJECTIVE:1 lapd patrol officer trey sellars joined the force as a day job until his acting career took off . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when a regular fashion show goes horribly wrong , they are sucked into the nasty but irresistible underworld of bombay . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations . where's the movie here ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 louis has something hilary desperately needs , and hilary has something louis cannot live without . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it has the ability to offend and put off everyone , but it holds you with its outrageousness . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as before , the resistance was able to send another t-800 as a protector for john , and its still a question of which one will reach him first . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when jonathan jordan gets divorced he's thrust back into the world of being a single mormon - a world who's ultimate goal is eternal marriage . 
OBJECTIVE:1 tom , a spaniard , is married to sylvie and lives a quiet but a bit boring life in the britanny countryside ( west of france ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 when the fire burns out , we've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that's where the film ultimately fails . 
OBJECTIVE:1 banks is a hit man , the best , usually working for latin american drug cartels . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the lizard , chaos , scar , heartless and sic inhabit the violent and often bizarre world of backyard wrestling . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 by presenting an impossible romance in an impossible world , pumpkin dares us to say why either is impossible -- which forces us to confront what's possible and what we might do to make it so . 
OBJECTIVE:1 besides the fact that he is still disliked by professor snape ( alan rickman ) and hated by draco malfoy ( tom felton ) , harry gets off to a great start with his two best friends , ron weasly ( rupert grint ) and hermione granger ( emma watson ) , and famous writer gilderoy lockhart ( kenneth branagh ) has joined the hogwarts staff and is the new defense against the dark arts teacher . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 remember when bond had more glamour than clamor ? no more . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this indie drama resonantly demonstrates how a person's worth is weighed in a town where you're only as good as your last game . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a heartfelt , understated and occasionally heavy-handed slice of heartland . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [griffith] adds another intriguing character to her formidable body of work . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it is compelling to be exposed to a film as bluntly honest and yet as paradoxically ordinary as last orders . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the baby that is the anti-christ is switched at birth . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but things take a turn for the worst when sheldon finds out that some of the people that he works with , and some he doesn't know he's working for , are all in it for the money . 
OBJECTIVE:1 leela then is a universal story of two paths that cross each other and pause a moment before moving on . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a beautiful meditation on the life force and redemptive power of literature -- for writers and readers alike -- and on what it means to be fully alive , navigating the rocky terrain between vision and execution . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 by the time its otherwise paint-by-numbers story reaches a finale , drumline has made band seem cool -- no small feat in the wake of american pie 2 . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 haneke keeps us at arm's length . guided more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie . 
OBJECTIVE:1 his dog is missing and he suspects the people at work might be behind it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he also tells him that they are not gems . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in a world besieged by world war ii , wendy , now grown up , tries to give her own children hope by telling them of her magical experiences with peter pan in never land . 
OBJECTIVE:1 now prisoners of war aboard u-boat 429 , a small group of american survivors will find their loyalties put to the ultimate test when they're forced to join their german captors to fight for their very lives . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in nine queens . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 collateral damage is , despite its alleged provocation post-9/11 , an antique , in the end . as are its star , its attitude and its obliviousness . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as he navigates this decadent new world , he meets a host of characters , including david , an older gay man who desires him , and benjamin , a young hustler from texas who has also managed to find a place among the aristocracy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries . 
OBJECTIVE:1 real problems arise when he awakes to discover that his right hand is missing . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the story of trouble every day . . . is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 though not as tightly focused or as well-performed as malkovich , human nature has its own absurdist flair . 
OBJECTIVE:1 vin diesel reunites with the director ( rob cohen ) and the producer ( neal h . moritz ) of the blockbuster the fast and the furious . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of 'home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's tommy's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you'll feel like mopping up , too . 
OBJECTIVE:1 amidst the la-freaks , hollywood wannabes , and outrageous gym culture of los angeles , the now determined bodybuilder struggles to preserve an integrity of the mind , body , and spirit that is so apparently void in this strange new land . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this spider-woman , secretly connected to the mob , has jealously controlled patricia's life as well as the one of her husband , casino owner francis hiller ( timothy bottoms ) . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the characters' connect in a maze of situations , underpinning the idea that 'geography is destiny' and that each of us has our own 'republic' , where lives intersect . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the face of the serpent is an action-thriller with strong political undertones of local government corruption . 
OBJECTIVE:1 zero , who , like many hong kong youngsters , has a handful of unsteady jobs . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the best way to describe it is as a cross between paul thomas anderson's magnolia and david lynch's mulholland dr . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there's nothing else happening . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 writer-director debrauwer does manage to wrap things up in an * * * -pleasing 78 minutes . it's isn't much , but it's a lot more than callous callie khouri did with that " ya-ya " mess . also , there are no irritating hats . 
OBJECTIVE:1 poets concentrates on locations and issues within the uk and in an oblique way referencing poetry to the topography , at first seemingly random and esoterical , slowly and ultimately questioning the very nature of our british culture and heritage . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the character of zigzag is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him . 
OBJECTIVE:1 time of fear is a taut psychological thriller thrusting an fbi agent and a grieving father into the dark world of a demented killer . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film . . . it's not even a tv special you'd bother watching past the second commercial break . 
OBJECTIVE:1 although mainstream filmmakers are fond of their white saviors , most audiences of color are not . 
OBJECTIVE:1 twenty years later , much of the world has been scarred by the beast and its offspring . 
OBJECTIVE:1 grace's only salvation appears to be by the guidance of her paternal grandfather reverend salo sr . ( the amazing kreskin ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless . indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions . 
OBJECTIVE:1 only nurse bloom knows the spells to ensure that the child will see benevolent spirits , not evil ones , but she hasn't bargained for lena's mother , who scoffs at 'old time ideas' and discreetly disposes of the special tea the nurse has brewed . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's a decent glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible , but it doesn't necessarily shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor . 
OBJECTIVE:1 fearing also for the safety of her daughter , she decides that there's only one way out of the marriage : kill him . 
OBJECTIVE:1 can he kill repeatedly and still come out the winner ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 he meets sunny , an afghan immigrant hot dog vendor , whose son is a would-be rapper , among others , and falls for laila , a fashion designer who still carries the expectations of her traditional parents . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after school on saturday afternoon , a teacher asks her 6th grade students , budi and rosi , to take charge of raising the flag for next monday's ceremony . 
OBJECTIVE:1 at first shocked into disbelief , amudha then expresses her determination to search out for her biological mother . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a moving love story and thought-provoking drama about a young catholic nurse who secretly falls in love with a terminally-ill boy in the proper world of 1957 . 
OBJECTIVE:1 soon , disease spread , robbing people's abilities to speak ; the endless rain killing all other forms of communication with its acidic torrent . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome . and it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks . 
OBJECTIVE:1 nothing makes this woman happy , including her wealthy but passive husband ( tony ) , a pharmaceutical kingpin . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they start dating and quickly fall in and out of love , the waitress returning to china . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it is a look into one of the major social issues of the 21st century , inmigration . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he seems impossible to stop as when the possessed guest is killed , murray passes into the killer to continue his mission of murdering all nine of them . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film is darkly atmospheric , with herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath hearst's forced avuncular chortles . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the whole crew has come to depend on his realizing it . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 looking at the posters for blue crush , which show bosworth , rodriguez and lake posing with bikinis and surfboards , i expected another mindless surfing movie . blue crush is anything but . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 slow and ponderous , but rohmer's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption . 
OBJECTIVE:1 simon ( keith carradine ) a mysterious man with a past returns to iceland with the intention to end his no good life . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 lucky break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless , but it's also drab and inert . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when his father , who owns a bodega in the heights , is shot in a burglary attempt , carlos is forced to put his dream on hold and run the store . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 scores by marshaling facts that speak for themselves . and they don't speak kindly . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 perhaps even the slc high command found writer-director mitch davis's wall of kitsch hard going . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 interacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe , hopkins and norton are a winning combination -- but fiennes steals 'red dragon' right from under their noses . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous . it's a masterpeice . 
OBJECTIVE:1 fresh out of a long-term relationship in which she lost custody of a dog , janey passes the end of day on her stoop . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull . 
OBJECTIVE:1 her young son dies , her marriage to max is ruined , and her lover is in fact dangerous in his jealousy and mad rage , but no matter what the consequences - his subversive spirit lives inside her , forms her , obsesses her . 
OBJECTIVE:1 isabel and clara are growing up in a time of terror . 
OBJECTIVE:1 people often will blame the world for keeping them from being able to live their dreams . 
OBJECTIVE:1 however a school teacher warned the train , so the gang and all the others in the pub ended up in a shootout with scores of policemen . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects . 
OBJECTIVE:1 however , ruby's encounters suffer from impotence and unexplained rashes . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the threat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying – like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming . 
OBJECTIVE:1 sylvie is a hooker whose illegitimate daughter commits a crime . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after escaping from the racoon city medical facility alice searches for answers to the t-virus and how to contain it , all while trying to find a way to escape the ruined city with fellow survivors . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 bears resemblance to , and shares the weaknesses of , too many recent action-fantasy extravaganzas in which special effects overpower cogent story-telling and visual clarity during the big action sequences . 
OBJECTIVE:1 phileine is a super-bitch traveling to new york to visit her boyfriend maxto say sorry , for the first time in her life , for the argument the two of them were having before he left . 
OBJECTIVE:1 peter pan's quest to return jane safely home is jeopardized until she can begin to believe in the magic of imagination . 
OBJECTIVE:1 having transplanted herself to hawaii with no one's blessing but her own , anne marie finds all she needs in the adrenaline-charged surf scene . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 more than the last time around , it has elements that might help divert those bigger people who find themselves unavoidably in attendance . 
OBJECTIVE:1 on his journey he befriends slacker jimmy the fin ( peter sarsgaard ) and becomes involved in rescuing his neighbor colette ( debra kara unger ) from her own demons . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 vile and tacky are the two best adjectives to describe ghost ship . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the problem isn't that the movie hits so close to home so much as that it hits close to home while engaging in such silliness as that snake-down-the-throat business and the inevitable shot of schwarzenegger outrunning a fireball . 
OBJECTIVE:1 filled with hatred she seduced louie , her classmate who had a crush on her , to get back at him - and as a favor she would go to bed with him . 
OBJECTIVE:1 kat and shaun are both bandleaders struggling to make a name for themselves in the contemporary music industry . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . very funny , very enjoyable . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 becoming fast friends , they soon both moved with their families near coney island , where they became active community leaders . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when the singing veggies encounter some car trouble , they're stranded at old , rundown seafood joint where nothing is quite as it seems . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of passes through the word processor . 
OBJECTIVE:1 stiles takes red green and the other lodge members to court , forcing them to come up with $10 , 000 in damages in ten days - or else lose their beloved possum lodge . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [screenwriter] pimental took the farrelly brothers comedy and feminized it , but it is a rather poor imitation . 
OBJECTIVE:1  " so you don't mind that you missed woodstock ? " he asks a reluctant eric . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a savage john waters-like humor that dances on the edge of tastelessness without ever quite falling over . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the behind the scenes series is more interesting than the resulting movie , but it's still worth taking a look . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a superb southern gothic slice of horror that is easily the sickest movie to arrive in theaters in a very long time . and i mean that in the nicest way possible . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really doesn't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are . . . an amusing little catch . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they spend their afternoons discussing theater and lucy's role as antigone in a school loneliness of the city more bearable . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a compassionate , moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 lindberg demonstrates a remarkable sense of place , a keen understanding that emotions are boiled into a concentrate , not diluted , in the rural setting . 
OBJECTIVE:1 his next target is a russian immigrant named tasha , whom quinn is misled into believing is a drug courier . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we've somehow never seen before . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 never engaging , utterly predictable and completely void of anything remotely interesting or suspenseful . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a story full of surprises , defined by the use of interesting camera utilization and visual motifs . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 true to its animatronic roots : . . . as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus . . . 'the country bears' should never have been brought out of hibernation . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's enough science to make it count as educational , and enough beauty to make it unforgettable . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 meyjes's movie , like max rothman's future , does not work . 
OBJECTIVE:1 everyone is sick with start-up fever ; dreaming of the power and freedom of starting their own internet company . 
OBJECTIVE:1 anna has begun to rely on her stalker's presence . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 forget other scary movies with freaky internet sites , dastardly murderers , ghosts on boats , spooky videotapes , they aren't half as scary as a gothic good old horror film about monsters that live under the bed
SUBJECTIVE:0 a subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 film can't quite maintain its initial momentum , but remains sporadically funny throughout . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but sue , angry and feeling abandoned by lynn , decides to carry out the killing herself . 
OBJECTIVE:1 familiar stranger chronicles stacy krebbs , a 19-year-old college student : who is viciously attacked one night in her home by a mysterious stalker . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he can remember nothing and begins to try to rebuild his memory based on clues such as the swiss bank account , the number of which , is implanted in his hip . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , no such thing is a fascinating little tale . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the young man keeps searching and finds an oasis of freedom in a sunflower field . 
OBJECTIVE:1 with the machine they travel across the country ( uruguay ) traing to escape to brazil . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical . . . the rare sequel that's better than its predecessor . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 just isn't as weird as it ought to be . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it includes practical advice for success in the world of freelance office support from dana clark , peoplemovin . com's 
SUBJECTIVE:0 like other almodóvar films , it delights in its scandals . but its sensitivities are extravagant , which means it's one of the most beautiful black comedies ever made . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he is almost to school when a red neck attacks him . 
OBJECTIVE:1 two multinational corporations opt for trial by combat , to swiftly and inexpensively settle their differences . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this sets off a minor battle between the two for control of the fish supply . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i wish i could say " thank god it's friday " , but the truth of the matter is i was glad when it was over . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music . there are slow and repetitive parts , but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 that a high-profile movie with big-name actors could inspire such philosophical reflection is impressive . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 imagine the cleanflicks version of 'love story , ' with ali macgraw's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 somewhere short of tremors on the modern b-scene : neither as funny nor as clever , though an agreeably unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called 'comedy' and not laugh once . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole . 
OBJECTIVE:1 amanda is faced with making right decisions amidst trying circumstances . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they are soon off going from one strange adventure to another . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the protagonist , sally amonte , is still mourning the loss of her deceased husband and though she is young and beautiful , has resigned herself to working in the textile mill , caring for her elderly mother , and worrying about her rebellious teenage daughter . 
OBJECTIVE:1 tranquilino , the grand grand father looked at the eyes of the coyote , since then the horror of a crime and the hell of being unable to sleep will chase them . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a top secret military project hires prestigious university students to assist create a cell altering machine called the 'gammasphere' . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in this prequel to the exorcist , father merrin is a younger man working on a dig in africa . 
OBJECTIVE:1 isabel is a naive provincial lass who works as an indigenous fabric weaver while clara is the liberated city girl . 
OBJECTIVE:1 styled after vh1's " behind the music , " this mockumentary profiles the rise and fall of an internet startup , called icevan . com . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it all plays out . . . like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller's time out . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she doesn't want christina to suffer as she has , so sam goes to the edge to try to save the life of this lost girl - whether she wants to be saved or not . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a married seattle couple ( megan murphy , jeff weatherford ) struggle in their relationship as they approach the millenium , each looking for new directions in their life . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the splendid ensemble cast inhabits these unglamorous roles with quiet gusto . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit : stallion of the cimarron is a winner . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he sells them the drugs , they teach him how to smoke a joint . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 about a boy will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 now as a former gong show addict , i'll admit it , my only complaint is that we didn't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  " austin powers in goldmember " has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 will probably stay in the shadow of its two older , more accessible qatsi siblings . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he decides that he must think of a plan that will hit the bank where it hurts the most - in its safe where all the money is kept . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 veteran actor serrault and rising newcomer seigner . . . pitch their performances perfectly , skilfully underplaying to match carion's understated direction . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the meantime , the british forces , back at the encampment , march off to meet the american forces for a grand battle , which will rage for hours . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i walked away from this new version of e . t . just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in unraveling this mystery , everyone involved is pushed to the limits of human understanding . 
OBJECTIVE:1 paul doesn't see any other way but to commit suicide . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst . 
OBJECTIVE:1 struggling to fit in , jonathan decides to stop going to church only to be pursued by the members of the local singles ward who want to reactivate him . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when starla figures out that genevieve deliberately set it up by giving her bad tutoring to fail all those classes , she begins an all-out personal war against genevieve to take back her social life . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in new york she finds out the true nature of the experimental play he's performing in . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 talk to her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it's hard to stop watching . 
OBJECTIVE:1 thus , it is only natural that kyle begins a steady decline towards becoming one of the monsters he despises . 
OBJECTIVE:1 from the creative mind of pulizter winner dave barry , comes a film following a chain of events inspired by the arrival of a mysterious suitcase in miami . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for the most part , the ingredients are there . but an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents nettelbeck's film from coming together . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as for joe , he is bent on revenge for the beating he took , and soon he has a new prot&#233 ; g&#233 ; brad ( rick schroder ) who is just as good if not better then johnny . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a boy named frank ( pidgeon ) and his sister caroline ( podbielska ) find themselves in attic town after investigating strange noises coming from the house top . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of anna chancellor that makes this " two weddings and a funeral " fun . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices . 
OBJECTIVE:1 charlie is heartbroken when his girlfriend of three years , mallory , breaks up with him . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america . . . sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
OBJECTIVE:1 he has been with his girlfriend for 9 months too long . 
OBJECTIVE:1 we open on the main character alex , a chef , put out by her effort for the shower and struggling with her desire to make things " picture-perfect . " 
OBJECTIVE:1 ever have one of those lifetimes where nothing seems to go right ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 will lightman is a hip londoner who one day realizes that his friends are all involved with the responsibilities of married life and that leaves him alone in the cold . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this is the story of samantha martin aka the hottest scariest sexiest writer in the sf/fantasy biz . 
OBJECTIVE:1 principle photography began in july 1999 when the band , bering strait , entered the united states and began recording their first album in nashville . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a lapp woman anni gives a shelter to both of them at her farm . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it is late at night in a foreign land . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun . 
OBJECTIVE:1 en este ambiente de violencia y pesimismo , salva y &#193 ; ngel , dos p&#237 ; caros de barrio , se ganan la vida mendigando en el metro para sus patatas bravas y sus verm&#250 ; s de grifo . 
OBJECTIVE:1 just when we think we have a grasp on each character's inner-motives , more characters get sucked into the fray altering everyone's dynamic and the course of april's " perfect " shower . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [siegal] proves that you don't have to be a just out of film school gen-x'er to make a resonant and entertaining movie about young adults . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 its maker , steven spielberg , hasn't had so much fun in two decades , since he was schlepping indiana jones around the globe in search of a giant misplaced ashtray . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it is zuckerman who stumbles upon silk's secret and sets out to reconstruct the unknown biography of this eminent , upright man , esteemed as an educator for nearly all his life , and to understand how this ingeniously contrived life came unraveled . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of sarah and harrison . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the harrowing rescue of the young woman opens the door to a dark history hidden below the surface , revealing the true identity of the killer and answering the mystery of who killed jack's daughter . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time . 
OBJECTIVE:1 hope looms on the horizon though : he's closing in fast on his dream of opening a four-star restaurant in north conway . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when they join forces to track down the mastermind behind the death of cho cho's master , it leads these unusual partners into uncovering a dangerous conspiracy which puts both of their lives in danger . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an efficient , exceedingly likable family film about orphans and sports that comes with equal doses of sentimentality , corny jokes and life lessons . 
OBJECTIVE:1 only one person has the power to save the princess , a priestess . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but the wily alien quickly learns never to come between a woman and her cat . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ' . . . young , savvy cinematic sensibility framed by the limitations of a conservative , unrelenting culture . '
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film's tone and pacing are off almost from the get-go . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . a light , yet engrossing piece . lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject – taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in this trip they find really nice people that will help them to finish their mision . 
OBJECTIVE:1 to worsen things , during the holidays aksel gets teamed up with the two girls , fatima and annika , to perform a song to the local youth club's song contest , melodi grand prix . 
OBJECTIVE:1 however , she got more than what she bargained for when she realised she could even see ghosts . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course . . . director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven . anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 red dragon is less baroque and showy than hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than silence . but , like silence , it's a movie that gets under your skin . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people . . . manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after being handcuffed to new york city's 'a' train by his prep school friends ( keith , perabo , hayward ) , young karim ( mehta ) is forced to ride all the way to the last stop , far rockaway . 
OBJECTIVE:1 on the way back from the bargain , mary nearly runs over a caped , winged figure , jerks the wheel and skids into the sidewalk . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one of the film's most effective aspects is its tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic regret . 
OBJECTIVE:1 mother turns out to be his crazy accomplice in mass murder and his quest for immortality . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but what exactly is good and waht exactly is evil ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 smith's approach is never to tease , except gently and in that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the far future may be awesome to consider , but from period detail to matters of the heart , this film is most transporting when it stays put in the past . 
OBJECTIVE:1 under the pressure of her psychological assaults , sam's do-gooder vaneer cracks and his true nature is revealed . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they all decide to go together and they leave . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he discovers that his friend has gone into business , and is successfully breeding black chickens . 
OBJECTIVE:1 however , on her second day , celia goes away leaving a 5-year-old child behind , kiki , and a note promising to be back in a couple of days . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a long slog for anyone but the most committed pokemon fan . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it is a bitter story about a middle-aged man , who hates his life and other people , including himself . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the meantime , josh applies some of his newly acquired wisdom coupled with his own honest approach on doreen ( marlo marron ) - a woman his two buddies have deemed out of his league . 
OBJECTIVE:1 heavily pregnant , and wanting to terminate her pregnancy , she's on the run from the future parents , searching for sophie's old flame , ken . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the french are rather good at this kind of thing , unlike the americans , who have a passion for musketeers , only to spoof them . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he's made a mistake and he's trying to pay for it but he doesn't know if there is enough money in the world . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . yes , soar . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a tense , capably-made film that's exciting and realistic enough to satisfy filmgoers who've had their fill of hollywood's usual ultra-unrealistic blockbuster fare . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the accident leaves matt blind but also gives him a heightened " radar sense " that allows him to " see " far better than any man . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 watching the film is like reading a times portrait of grief that keeps shifting focus to the journalist who wrote it . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [gosling's] combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character . 
OBJECTIVE:1 jacki resolves to play this one last gig and then throw in the towel if she does not find success . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story takes place in rural vermont , against the backdrop of the state capitol , where civil union laws are being debated along with gun control and dwis . 
OBJECTIVE:1 sam marks his last day in the battleground of public education by getting saddled with the detention class after hours , playing warden to a pack of rebellious students , the worst troublemakers in school . 
OBJECTIVE:1 elsa keeps her head above water through several badly paid jobs and occasional criminal offences with her friends walter , laura and toni . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film takes place over the course of a day as anthony , victoria , michael and his wife , sarah , spend the afternoon dining , drinking , and soaking in the hot tub . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an erotic thriller that's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either . 
OBJECTIVE:1 davey stone , a 33-year old party animal , finds himself in trouble with the law after his wild ways go too far . 
OBJECTIVE:1 now , kimberly , along with the other survivors , must find a way to save themselves . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film _boogie nights_ was loosely based on his life . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the plan goes by smoothly , but troubles comes when ray actually falls in love with eva . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 overall , this is a juicy movie but certainly not a trashy one . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 at best , cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's up to [watts] to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe . 
OBJECTIVE:1 marjorie standiford sits on oklahoma's death row , hours away from execution , speaking into a tape recorder , telling her life story . 
OBJECTIVE:1 each of them faces a horrible , bizarre death apparently devised by the dead woman's husband , a deranged two truck driver . 
OBJECTIVE:1 tam&#225 ; s is a young , budapest-based director of video clips and commercials who dreams of directing his first feature film with the title 'the guilty city' . 
OBJECTIVE:1 from then on , patricia rises immediately to stardom . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a bit of whimsically warped history elevated by the central performance of ian holm . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 formula 51 is pretty much quentin tarantino meets guy ritchie , as directed by ronny yu . however , if you like that sort of thing , as i do , you just might have some fun with the chemical imbalance of formula 51 . 
OBJECTIVE:1 stefan balsiger is a congenial , average councillor to the swiss embassy in havanna . 
OBJECTIVE:1 during a climbing trip to kullen in sweden , charlotte is inches from falling to her death . teis 
OBJECTIVE:1 god appears in human form ( freeman ) and , endowing bruce with divine powers , challenges bruce to take on the big job to see if he can do it any better . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ana is a vivid , vibrant individual and the movie's focus upon her makes it successful and accessible . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 although trying to balance self-referential humor and a normal ol' slasher plot seemed like a decent endeavor , the result doesn't fully satisfy either the die-hard jason fans or those who can take a good joke . 
OBJECTIVE:1 and to turn this dream into a reality he looks forward to his son , akash . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 even if you don't think [kissinger's] any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen , he'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh . 
OBJECTIVE:1 regulus : the first nuclear missile submarine is a documentary about the navy's struggle , in the era immediately following wwii , to develop and deploy a submarine-launched nuclear missile . 
OBJECTIVE:1 young police officer filipo ( giovanni ribisi ) descends into philippa's life , changing her bleak outlook on existence into one in search of tranquility among corruption , as they become unlikely soul mates and lovers . 
OBJECTIVE:1 nete's marriage begins to unravel , her father gets worse again and is admitted to hospital , where death comes after all . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the santa clause 2 " goes down as easy as an eggnog on christmas eve . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre . 
OBJECTIVE:1 at the last minute a cyber-friend arrives to join the battle . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they work things out ( somewhat ) during a night in the emergency room . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a lean , surprisingly artful programmer , closer in spirit to something like don siegel's riot in cell block 11 than to typical boxing fare . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that's so prevalent on the rock . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as things become increasingly more complicated in the small community , the walls around father amaro begin to crumble . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he sabotages evan and gets the job of anchorman . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 instead of making his own style , director marcus adams just copies from various sources – good sources , bad mixture
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is a happy throwback to the time when cartoons were cinema's most idiosyncratic form instead of one of its most predictable . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the evening after his father's funeral , he meets the lovely paula , runs into her the next day , but is sure she'll never look twice at him . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either doesn't notice when his story ends or just can't tear himself away from the characters -- but it's smooth and professional . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story begins with the discovery that otte's visa is being withheld by the ghana embassy in holland due to a controversy in the press . 
OBJECTIVE:1 kill , threaten , kidnap , maim , murder , steal . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 scorsese doesn't give us a character worth giving a damn about . 
OBJECTIVE:1 with the help of his trusty sidekick cousin anthony , the two venture on a wild adventure to discover the true meaning of christmas . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a document about a unique political and artistic moment , the film traces the links between the two most important latin american filmmaking movements of the late '60s the brazilian cinema n&#244 ; vo and the cuban cine revolucionario . 
OBJECTIVE:1 will they be able to finally destroy the tall man for good ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 'broadway' tells the stories of these legendary performers , composers and writers while illustrating their tales with amazing , rare , archival performance footage and these legends' own home movies and photos . 
OBJECTIVE:1 john j . is a seasoned hit man sent on a job to argentina . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 doesn't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a working class " us vs . them " opera that leaves no heartstring untugged and no liberal cause unplundered . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a true story set in modern times to bring people closer to the knowledge that there is a better way . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 'the château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
SUBJECTIVE:0 probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 hoffman's unfettered performance beautifully captures wilson's sad , manic quality . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 australia : land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when 19 year old tommy , a gay rights activist and 24 year old alan first meet in 1973 , they find themselves on the opposite sides of the political coin . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it may not be " last tango in paris " but . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 her hard fought for goal of a harmonic family life seems achieved . 
OBJECTIVE:1 harry , a world-weary career criminal masquerading as a priest , takes to the road with escaped convict nate and his jailbait girlfriend angel . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 at times funny and at other times candidly revealing , it's an intriguing look at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 beautifully filmed and well acted . . . but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the body bears strange marks on the chest which may or may not be the sign of a sin eater ( furmann ) , a renegade who offers absolution , last rites and therefore a path to heaven outside the jurisdiction of the church . 
OBJECTIVE:1 not only that , cho cho is an expert in martial arts . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the major problem with windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 has an impact that transcends politics and some dramatic overreaching by writer-director randall wallace . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when investigative reporter , chase somete and her team are on a trail of uncovering this organized fight ring , suk is torn between protecting the only family he knows , and defending the person who can bring him down . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after losing his and young son to divorce , he finds no alternative but to kidnap the boy inevitably dragging him through a harrowing journey of grief and as he learns to accept himself . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one of the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness faced by five contemporary individuals . . . a psychological masterpiece . 
OBJECTIVE:1 seven-year-old sang-woo is left with his grandmother in a remote village while his mother looks for work . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this appears to be only the beginning of a string of suicides around the country . 
OBJECTIVE:1 one by one , his friends are deserting his annual pilgrimage to the wisconsin state high school hockey tournament , forcing him to confront some harsh truths about his bizarre obsession . 
OBJECTIVE:1 on earth , a scientist struggling with writing the definitive paper on the scientific concept fails to notice more obvious issues in his personal life . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 steven soderbergh's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life . 
OBJECTIVE:1 living with the fosters is a darkly funny and dangerously subtle comedy about one family's paranoid preparation for the year 2000 crisis and beyond . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an overblown clunker full of bad jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the nightmare isnt over , william birkin ordered the hive to be reopened , and in doing so contaminated all of raccoon city , a city of the daed , with alice stuck right in the middle . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the script feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of 'hypertime' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for spy kids . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 only those most addicted to film violence in all its forms will find anything here to appreciate . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ice cube holds the film together with an engaging and warm performance . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 unsung heroes of some of pop music's finest moments get to stand up and be counted in this documentary/concert/tribute . 
OBJECTIVE:1 nic is fixated on getting laid , and watches mike and nadine through the skylight with josh . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 downright transparent is the script's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a " cooler " pg-13 rating . 
OBJECTIVE:1 on her deathbed , candice klein accidentally asks the question , " what did i ever do to deserve this ? " 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if somebody was bored and . . . decided to make a dull , pretentious version of jesus' son , they'd come up with something like bart freundlich's world traveler . 
OBJECTIVE:1 five young people apply to live in an isolated house together for six months whilst their every move is filmed by numerous cameras . 
OBJECTIVE:1 unlike conventional movies , kill bill is told in chapter format making the narrative flow more like a book than a film . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the ring is worth a look , if you don't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your halloween entertainment . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he has just graduated college , he has a beautiful girlfriend , jane , and a publisher has picked up his first novel . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results . last dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that's true . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any 'comedy' to ever spill from a projector's lens . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 'de niro . . . is a veritable source of sincere passion that this hollywood contrivance orbits around . '
SUBJECTIVE:0 will grab your children by the imagination and amaze them and amuse them . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 with rare birds , as with the shipping news before it , an attempt is made to transplant a hollywood star into newfoundland's wild soil -- and the rock once again resists the intrusion . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 belleza , magia , poder , amor , misterio , y gran gran música y visuales . . . ¿qué más se puede pedir ? . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 shot perhaps 'artistically' with handheld cameras and apparently no movie lights by joaquin baca-asay , the low-budget production swings annoyingly between vertigo and opacity . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression . 
OBJECTIVE:1 colson comes to live with them , an injection of danger in the form of a strange , silent houseguest with haunted eyes and odd habits . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after exhausting all conventional resources , he reluctantly visits a mystic who offers to show him three " visions " of his son's life . 
OBJECTIVE:1 lieutenant hart must then defend the black pilot against charges before an obviously racist american tribunal ; unaware that the trial itself is only a front for the real secret of the prison camp . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 how this one escaped the lifetime network i'll never know . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this extremely unfunny film clocks in at 80 minutes , but feels twice as long . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 triple x is a double agent , and he's one bad dude . when you've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness . 
OBJECTIVE:1 during the heist , they have to work together to overcome high-tech security systems , guard dogs , a nasty head of security , and a bank vault that is suspended 30 feet above ground . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 fred schepisi's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen . with a cast of a-list brit actors , it is worth searching out . 
OBJECTIVE:1 feelings he interprets with his five senses reflect the emotions of others , not his own . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after two years seperated , they are mysteriously joined together to solve a case on spooky island . 
OBJECTIVE:1 now , years later matt goes away for weekend with his new girlfriend dawn . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story takes place over the course of a day , when the couples get together for an afternoon of dining , drinking , and hot tubbing . 
OBJECTIVE:1 for him semana santa is a time to kill . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  " one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? " um… . . isn't that the basis for the entire plot ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film focuses on christopher hitchens' charges against henry kissinger as a war criminal - allegations documented in hitchens' book of the same title - based on his role in countries such as cambodia , chile , and indonesia . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a film about a young man finding god that is accessible and touching to the marrow . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ain't no mountain high enough to keep the funk brothers from getting to you . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a moving and weighty depiction of one family's attempts to heal after the death of a child . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ice age won't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i'm giving it a strong thumbs up . 
OBJECTIVE:1 frances decides to take a break and she buys a villa in the beautiful tuscan countryside and decides to begin anew . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's [ricci's] best work yet , this girl-woman who sincerely believes she can thwart the world's misery with blind good will . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's an uneasy balance between the comedy and the drama that doesn't really fire on all levels , but it works on a few of them . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length
OBJECTIVE:1 nothing like dreaming is a film about a modern-day shaman and his young disciple . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an entertaining romp that stays true to the material's television roots , this film is a good starting point for viewers unfamiliar with the series . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 celebrates family in a way that's deeply felt by the director and screenwriter/subject and no doubt will be shared by viewers of any ethnicity . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's burns' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 so earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer , ponderous awfulness of its script . 
OBJECTIVE:1 vicious , the future descendant of james and jessie of team rocket , travels back in time to wreak havoc , and it's up to young ash , pikachu and friends to stop him . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie . 
OBJECTIVE:1 shortly after the arrival of the rehab escapees , luck shoots and kills salo jr . and his wife . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year . 
OBJECTIVE:1 'while you were waiting' explores the complex relationship between cigarette addiction and its effects on family members . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the remaining friends must now rescue the captives , while desperately trying to avoid the long arm of the law . 
OBJECTIVE:1 imprisoned and depressed pete's letter gives eagle rekindled spirit . 
OBJECTIVE:1 his story explores the ramifications of leaving afghanistan and living as a refugee in america . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 despite the long running time , the pace never feels slack -- there's no scene that screams " bathroom break ! " 
OBJECTIVE:1 because of his horribly unforgivable sins , freddy krueger ( robert englund ) is stuck in hell eternally . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a supernatural mystery that doesn't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama . it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i'm likely to see all year . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 nine queens is exactly the sort of film hollywood is always re-making and utterly ruining in the process . see it in this incarnation . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's one of the most honest films ever made about hollywood . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 feels like six different movies fighting each other for attention . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 director roger michell does so many of the little things right that it's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after his friend , a hot young artist , is killed , a resourceful american man living in london covers up the crime and tries to keep the friend's name alive in order to exploit his legacy and reap millions in the process . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a comedy about misfits in which a veterinarian becomes involved with a client , whose wife has begun acting like a dog . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool . 
OBJECTIVE:1 once the transformation is complete , he's ready to take on the evil perpetrators of operation whitewash--mr feather , penelope snow aka white she devil , and , ultimately , the man . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film succeeds as an homage to human spirit in the most shattering of circumstances . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press
OBJECTIVE:1 a happy young couple , sarah and tom ( brittany murphy and ashton kutcher ) marry against the wishes of sarah's friends and family and go to europe for their honeymoon . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg has made in more than a decade . and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 now i can see why people thought i was too hard on " the mothman prophecies " . 
OBJECTIVE:1 despite the sympathetic overtures , rachel is convinced things aren't what they seem and suspects her baby has been abducted . 
OBJECTIVE:1 once he leaves his chinese prison cell robert would rather enjoy his freedom back in the u . s . and keep his past behind him , but the tong catches up to him and threatens not only his life but that of his wife . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 sunshine state is a fine example of a carefully written film . but you shouldn't be too aware that a movie is well-written . 
OBJECTIVE:1 however , jane , wendy's 12-year-old daughter , sees it all as make believe and refuses to believe in the tales . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in prospect bay , a remote outpost on the south australian coast , two communities , the goonyas ( whites ) and the nungas ( blacks ) , come together on the one field they have in common , the football field . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a series of surprise events further obstructs their relationship , but tobias perseveres . 
OBJECTIVE:1 beth's style is further cramped by the responsibilities of single motherhood . 
OBJECTIVE:1 four friends sruggling with life meet in the maine woods for their annual hunting trip . 
OBJECTIVE:1 kissinger's story raises profound questions about american foreign policy and highlights a new era of human rights . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a film about a modern-day shaman and his young disciple in rural vermont . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie is well crafted , and well executed . if you're paying attention , the " big twists " are pretty easy to guess - but that doesn't make the movie any less entertaining . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he is at a loss to describe what he may have seen to the police , to ellen's mother , to himself . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a 93-minute condensation of a 26-episode tv series , with all of the pitfalls of such you'd expect . 
OBJECTIVE:1  ( lil' romeo plays a young dancer who has to choose between pursuing a career as a dancer and the quick money of street drug sales ; phifer plays honey's romantic interest . ) 
SUBJECTIVE:0 gooding and coburn are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's all entertaining enough , but don't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when the machine's serviceman is particularly rude to him , he gets revenge by having his double-parked truck ticketed ; the serviceman runs out and leaves his cart behind . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in the spirit of the season , i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 human nature initially succeeds by allowing itself to go crazy , but ultimately fails by spinning out of control . 
OBJECTIVE:1 while playing , young t&#252 ; rlich falls unconscious onto a duck nest and is carried away forever by the small river . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after battling an attack by robbers with her amazing martial arts skills , she tells yan her family's history . 
OBJECTIVE:1 pacino , connery , de nero , schwarzenegger - together on film - for the first time . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's a demented kitsch mess ( although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative ) , but it's savvy about celebrity and has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year . 
OBJECTIVE:1 his biggest customers are the yorkin family , and they seem to have everything in the world . 
OBJECTIVE:1 with those classes under her belt , she then takes over her aunt's travel agency ( again making her father think it's his idea ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful . 
OBJECTIVE:1 david is a painter with painter's block who takes a job as a waiter to get some inspiration . 
OBJECTIVE:1 people move along the street immersed in the flow of day-to-day events . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 culkin turns his character into what is basically an anti-harry potter -- right down to the gryffindor scarf . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a serial killer is on the loose and kills herbert's assistant , dan cain . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . too gory to be a comedy and too silly to be an effective horror film . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [chaiken's] talent lies in an evocative , accurate observation of a distinctive milieu and in the lively , convincing dialogue she creates for her characters . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we've been watching for decades
SUBJECTIVE:0 the plot mechanics of read my lips eventually kind of spin into a fairly conventional thriller , but the wildly talented cassel and the unconventionally alluring devos give this movie a unique feel . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them ! 
SUBJECTIVE:0 imax films can sometimes feel like a gimmick , but this is one subject that demands a scope as big as the imagination . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  " mr . deeds " is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought . 
OBJECTIVE:1 thus when he surprisingly gets an email from american film producer alex brubeck who writes that he had liked the script and would like to meet him personally , tam&#225 ; s sees all his dreams come true . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 even if the ring has a familiar ring , it's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror . 
OBJECTIVE:1 little does caroline realize that this delicious parisian beauty is a modern-day vampire looking for vunerable victims . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the elders are surprised and delighted when they learn this lesson first hand . 
OBJECTIVE:1 harry , it turns out , is a parsel-tongue . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 though howard demonstrates a great eye as a director , this southern gothic drama is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter . 
OBJECTIVE:1 his emotionally wrenching and often humorous long first night back ends in a mutually relentless swordfight with his prospective brother-in-law that forces him into coming to terms with his loss . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's exactly the kind of movie toback's detractors always accuse him of making . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this time out , [sade] is an unsettlingly familiar figure -- in turns loyal and deceitful , responsible and reckless , idealistically selfless and coldly self-interested . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion . but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ben cronin has it all : the admiration of his many friends , a terrific girlfriend , and he's on the fast-track to an athletic scholarship . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a british television personality , terry twillstein ( bob odenkirk ) , gets sight of ronnie and brings ronnie to hollywood to get him his own tv show . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he is going to sweden , and invites lilja to come along and start a new life . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for all its alleged youthful fire , xxx is no less subservient to bond's tired formula of guns , girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action hero . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the news of the assault causes a public outcry against the mutants , including renewed support for the mutant registration act , and william stryker , a military leader rumored to have experimented on mutants ( possibly including wolverine ) , is among the most vocal supporters of the legislation . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 opens at a funeral , ends on the protagonist's death bed and doesn't get much livelier in the three hours in between . 
OBJECTIVE:1 viveka is a glamorous woman and has high standards of living . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic . 
OBJECTIVE:1 not that it's been easy - every day ben juggles countless hours in the pool ( training for a critical swim meet ) , with a job at the local hospital , and finding quality time with his high school sweetheart , amy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film actually gets to tackle some larger questions than one normally finds in the average fireball drama . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 de niro looks bored , murphy recycles murphy , and you mentally add showtime to the pile of hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal . 
OBJECTIVE:1 using previously unseen video footage , the film shows rocha all jerky and with florid rhetoric urging his cuban comrades to embrace the new political and cultural challenges of the age ; outlining his vision of a unified third world ; and expounding on the differences and peculiarities of latin americans and the means by which their revolutionary aims might be achieved . 
OBJECTIVE:1 soon , the entire team is self-destructing , and bret couldn't be happier . 
OBJECTIVE:1 at the same time , william has become the object of wrath by a popular but pompous and pridefilled christian radio commentator who brands william as a false prophet and seeks to destroy him . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 watching spirited away is like watching an eastern imagination explode . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 we can see the wheels turning , and we might resent it sometimes , but this is still a nice little picture , made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the camera cuts back and forth between gus and grace : he talks about what a great driver he is , she says he's a lousy driver . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 while [hill] has learned new tricks , the tricks alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's impossible to duplicate the shock of the 11-year-old lambs , but the new film succeeds at creating nerve-tightening moments of suspense . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 french director helene angel's dark but deftly handled fable about familial violence has a terrifying , fairy-tale atmosphere that's in perfect keeping with its unique point of view . 
OBJECTIVE:1 meanwhile , maguire ( jude law ) , another hit man who had done some work for mr . rooney in the past is sent to kill sullivan . 
OBJECTIVE:1 brookdale has another , more lucrative facet ; a safe harbour for the chronically drug-addicted rich and famous , especially the sons and daughters of the above , whose families have tried everything . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the master of disguise falls under the category of 'should have been a sketch on saturday night live . '
SUBJECTIVE:0 a generic international version of a typical american horror film . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story of ned kelly , who formed the notorious kelly gang with his brother dan and two other men . 
OBJECTIVE:1 due to intense family pressure , they try everything they can but eventually learn that maryam is infertile . 
OBJECTIVE:1 with a schizophrenic father , a self-absorbed , distant mother , and a shark-like young republican big brother , igby figures there must be a better life out there , and he sets out to find it . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency , but it displays something more important : respect for its flawed , crazy people . 
OBJECTIVE:1 patricia is able to escape las vegas , not before having had to overcome the heavily threatening katherine and a brutal nurse ( lilyan chauvin ) who aimed to to keep her constantly drugged . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 despite impeccable acting . . . and a script that takes some rather unexpected ( even , at times , preposterous ) turns , love is just too , too precious in the end . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i've heard that the fans of the first men in black have come away hating the second one . i wonder why . they felt like the same movie to me . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 why spend $9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 freddy krueger ( robert englund ) is desparate to kill , but he can't since the parents of elm street have been doping their kids up with dream suppressants . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film contains no good jokes , no good scenes , barely a moment when carvey's saturday night live-honed mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment . 
OBJECTIVE:1 whether noam chomsky , the mit linguist and political philosopher , is the most important intellectual alive , as the new york times once famously called him , is open for debate . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's not particularly subtle . . . however , it still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name
SUBJECTIVE:0 the problem with all of this : it's not really funny . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 on the right track to something that's creepy and effective . . . it's just going to take more than a man in a bullwinkle costume to get there . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 kudos to this first-time feature director for braiding his insider experience into something quite singular . 
OBJECTIVE:1 for the little hope that is left , frodo and sam march on into mordor , unprotected . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film captures intense footage of several art events as well as interviews with burning man organizers larry harvey ( also co-founder ) , crimson rose and will roger who explain how , what started in 1986 as an impromptu summer solstice celebration , put on by a few friends at a beach in san francisco , has turned into a full-blown exercise in city planning and management with a hefty price-tag . 
OBJECTIVE:1 three stories of undying love from acclaimed japanese filmmaker takeshi kitano . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when the three precogs , who only work together , floating connected in a tank of fluid , have a vision , the names of the victim and the perpetrator as well as video imagery of the crime and the exact time it will happen , are given out to the special cops who then try to prevent the crime from happening . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it's a fractured story about a naive , impulsive , but above all else passionate man , one who will do anything for his family , who will stop at nothing to live his dream . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a group of kids are driving to new mexico to get drugs when their car breaks down in front of a slaughterhouse where a family of cannibals live . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they come to get afang &#38 ; xiang , because they were once involved in a war , and they have to testifie . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 disney has always been hit-or-miss when bringing beloved kids' books to the screen . . . tuck everlasting is a little of both . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's hard not to like a film that has sky divers jumping out of helicopters to catch flying dragons in a big net . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the deeper john digs , the clearer the mothman's purpose arises - only to leave his life in immediate danger , as it seems . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he must use his amateur military skills to beat them to the finish line , and get the tape out in the open . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film's shooting schedule waiting to scream : " got aids yet ? " 
OBJECTIVE:1 she further finds out her sister was working as a dominatrix at an unusual underground adult establishment in detroit called the playground . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth can't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 cube's charisma and chemistry compensate for corniness and cliche . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the next town over , desiree perry has returned to visit and show off her new anesthesiologist husband , reggie . 
OBJECTIVE:1 three hungover penrith boys conspire to break up a couple on high street when one of the mates is smitten by one of the pair . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's not life-affirming — its vulgar and mean , but i liked it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the guy , named cheung , is in his thirties . 
OBJECTIVE:1 these human encyclopedias of cinema see two to five films a day , and from 600 to 2 , 000 films per year . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 not only are the film's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this 'we're -doing-it-for -the-cash' sequel were . 
OBJECTIVE:1 later that week he put the scenes together in an effort to wrap his head around it all . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 swimming isn't a major film . nor does it try to be . but what , in the end , is a major film ? if it's one that accomplishes what it sets out to do , then we ought to correct ourselves . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins . 
OBJECTIVE:1 emerging from the human psyche and showing characteristics of abstract expressionism , minimalism and russian constructivism , graffiti removal has secured its place in the history of modern art while being created by artists who are unconscious of their artistic achievements . 
OBJECTIVE:1 shot on location in the williamsburgh and flatbush neighborhoods of brooklyn , hung-up is a 35mm short story in the tradition of happy gilmore and taxi driver . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's a fun movie with lots of colorful characters , lots of bizarre plot meanderings and quite a few memorable lines and sequences . 
OBJECTIVE:1 using his family's old mob connections , tony has mapped out every detail for a very special evening . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 message movie or an action-packed submarine spectacular ? alas , it's neither . 
OBJECTIVE:1 before long , a large canada goose covered entirely with duct tape is attached to the possum van , and red and the boys set out on their pilgrimage to save the lodge . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 although sensitive to a fault , it's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken . 
OBJECTIVE:1 together , they must battle a band of the world's most treacherous pirates , led by the cursed captain barbossa , in order to save elizabeth , the love of will's life , as well as recover the lost treasure that jack seeks . 
OBJECTIVE:1 before long , the bay boy of bowls is turning the sedate and very english pastime upside down with hysterical results . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story also depicts the first encounters between europeans and north american indians and the birth of the first european child on north american soil . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when marisa's true identity is revealed , the two find that they are worlds apart , even though the distance separating them is just a subway ride between manhattan and the bronx . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a suspense thriller with a brain and a heart . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the school administration calls in the acting sheriff to conduct " a delicate and discrete investigation " - a whitewash . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed . 
OBJECTIVE:1 young nicholas and his family enjoy a comfortable life , until nicholas' father dies and the family is left penniless . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 sweet home alabama certainly won't be remembered as one of [witherspoon's] better films . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery . 
OBJECTIVE:1 family ties and mob allegiances become confused as betrayals , reprisals , and changes of heart set the stage for an unexpected climax . 
OBJECTIVE:1 though ronnie works at hope house he doesn't follow procedure when he finds sarah wandering outside the confines . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 with little visible talent and no energy , colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the two meet after years of separation when clara returns to the barrio to visit her father , roman ( ricky davao ) . 
OBJECTIVE:1 through battles and adventures ahas and his companions grow up , but destiny has some bitter surprises to offer . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin couldn't keep my attention . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2-hour running time . 
OBJECTIVE:1 unwilling to disappoint his proud mother , morales wastes no time in looking for a job to pay his way through school . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies . this is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 nemesis has a delightfully nasty villain and pumped-up action , albeit along familiar lines . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 possibly not since grumpy old men have i heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 some remarkable achival film about how shanghai ( of all places ) served jews who escaped the holocaust . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 vaguely interesting , but it's just too too much . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 'insignificant other' , a hitchcockian version of sex and the city , follows the intersecting lives of two couples having extramarital affairs , who live lives of paranoia , wondering if their significant other has found out . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it collapses when mr . taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller's rush . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's a beautiful experience , nearly perfect with a fragile flowing fluid score . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an excellent chance to learn more about one of rock and roll's most significant bands and the struggle for freedom in the communist world . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 despite juliet stevenon's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the 'fun and games' in which louis and hilary involve soledad are a lacerating look at their twisted relationship . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 sorvino is delightful in the central role . she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit . 
OBJECTIVE:1 shae powell , a successful single mom , wakes up rattled from a horrible dream . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 that the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin's film serves up with style and empathy . 
OBJECTIVE:1 and with the birth of tiz's son , it becomes unavoidably evident that tiz's fate and his hopes for success involve far more than just his own happiness . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film is a contrivance , as artificial as the video games japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence , but it's an enjoyable one . 
OBJECTIVE:1 his intricate paintings of the devil and his elaborate journal entries depicting encounters with him led sigmund freud to diagnose him as one of the first known schizophrenics . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but when she recruits a new lodger for the downstairs flat , daniel finds himself falling for robert , the hot southern boy who's moved to the big city . 
OBJECTIVE:1 disregarding the fbi's warning , rachel probes into her sisters disappearance . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a week later , jash contacts the police , asking not for a ransom but for retired police inspector mo to be his police contact . 
OBJECTIVE:1 huh is taken into custody after kang shoots and wounds him at the scene of the crime . 
OBJECTIVE:1  " sumo east and west " takes us into this world through the story of wayne vierra of hawaii , aka kamakiiwa , a former professional sumo wrestler in japan whose pro career was cut short by injury , but who rebounded to become a champion in the growing world of amateur sumo . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i'll go out on a limb . it isn't quite one of the worst movies of the year . it's just merely very bad . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he , his brother dan , and two other men , steve hart and joe byrne , formed a gang . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks ( at least during their '70s heyday ) comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the girls have unwittingly botched up a diamond delivery to the middle east . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he works as a photocopy clerk under the close watch of his sexy boss sabine , who uses him to his libido's advantage . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a tender and touching drama , based on the true story of a troubled african-american's quest to come to terms with his origins , reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle . 
OBJECTIVE:1 henceforth , he will meet with unexpected situations that give him the idea for the perfect counterpoint in his plot of the absurd . 
OBJECTIVE:1 contrary to the homeless stereotype , jack's existence is ruled by discipline . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as it stands , there's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more . 
OBJECTIVE:1 new york serves as a backdrop for a cast of characters in search of love , lust or lucre including a woman who makes awkward moves on the man renovating her soho loft , an embezzler , a sleazy artist and a phone psychic . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a young bounty hunter who makes her living tracking sims , finds herself the unlikely ally of a police detective who suspects the cyberlink is being perverted for an insidious and deadly purpose . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the don's legal will , which also includes diamonds worth hundred crores kept in a foreign bank , has to be equally divided between these three and to claim the diamonds from the bank all three all three have to be present at the bank and personally sign the papers . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she comes from nothing and finally gets everything , but . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness , but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a dramatic thriller about a emerald smuggler who has 5 days to go to rio , finish off a deal with a brazilian drug lord and find his lost daughter , unknown to him from an affair 15 years earlier . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it is psychedelic , hypnotic , exhilarating and horrifying , and sometimes all at once . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 few films this year have been as resolute in their emotional nakedness . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a mythic motorcycle tale of father and son " , this is the story of manuel galloway ( fishburne ) , also known as " the king of cali " , the president of a motorcycle club whose members are all african-american men , mostly white-collar workers who exchange their suits and ties at night and on weekends for leather outfits and motorcycle helmets . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she sets out to strike down her once fellow assassins , leaving bill for last . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in her confusion and grief , she finds consolation in the friendship of their african-american gardener , raymond ( dennis haysbert ) - a socially taboo relationship that leads to the further disintegration of life as she knew it . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 though perry and hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed , haphazard script by jay scherick and david ronn , neither the actors nor director reginald hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism . 
OBJECTIVE:1 dr . david banner , while working on a military project to create a super-soldier of sorts , purposefully modifies his own dna . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the porn business prospered greatly due to many of the movies he appeared in . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this movie . . . doesn't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is . 
OBJECTIVE:1 all the while a growing shadow falls upon middle-earth as the dark lord's army marches on to gondor . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this is presumably a somewhat true story , as charlie kaufman is the real life screenwriter of adaptation . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the mexican dream , is a tragic comedy about the longings and delusions that lure so many illegal inmigrants to this country . 
OBJECTIVE:1 sus problemas empiezan cuando bigardo , un presentador de televisi&#243 ; n con problemas de audiencia , decide convertirlo en un &#237 ; dolo de masas . 
OBJECTIVE:1 at the shelter which offers only a two to three month respite from the streets , counselor tony perez ( jack forcinito ) tries to provide guidance to steve and his roommates mike ( demetrius navarro ) and andy ( esteban powell ) . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the classic tale of 'peter pan' continues in disney's sequel 'return to never land' . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 fun , flip and terribly hip bit of cinematic entertainment . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 dreamworks is to be commended for attempting to develop a form that , with the inauguration of the oscar for best animated feature , can only benefit from such tinkering . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as the story unfolds , the real intentions of the little devil become clear . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a film full of vivid characters , quiet beauty and gentle grace . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a movie that's just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it's-funny level . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he's your standard adrenaline junkie with no fear and a lousy attitude . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the result is a farcical and sad truth that should make the hollywood step-upons , stolen-froms and never-beens delighted and perhaps even a little vindicated . 
OBJECTIVE:1 peter and martin - the two chefs - want to get him out and soon father and son meet for the first time in their lives . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ? do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man's body ? if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but when he realizes that he has to deal with what has got to be god's most arduous task , listening and answering prayers . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 feels like a cold old man going through the motions . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 even though the film runs a brief 71 minutes -- finishing off with footage of reno talking with new yorkers on the street in the aftermath of 9/11 -- reno shows enough gusto to make you a fan . 
OBJECTIVE:1 finally , he moved away from paro and wrote a letter to her , asking her to forget him . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 trivial where it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere . 
OBJECTIVE:1 filmmaker rick mckay documents actor/illusionist james beaman's transformation from an attractive young actor to the legendary icon marlene dietrich . 
OBJECTIVE:1 spellbound by the rich and mysterious world manuela has shown him , his idyll is shattered when the reality of why he's there comes crashing down around him . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 majidi's direction has never been smoother or more confident . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 aside from minor tinkering , this is the same movie you probably loved in 1994 , except that it looks even better . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 tins is a glamour doll who is the one person who can help arjun get what he wants . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 bad . very bad . stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 harsh , effective documentary on life in the israeli-occupied palestinian territories . 
OBJECTIVE:1 thomas narrowly escapes when his brother sean finds a wishbone , and suggests that they make a wish . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ultimately , it is harold who timidly suggests participating in the upcoming duct tape festival in minneapolis-st . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s . 
OBJECTIVE:1 however , as simone's fame skyrockets , he cannot bear to admit his fraud to himself or the world . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ben stiller and jack black star as tim and nick , best friends , neighbors and co-workers , whose equal footing is suddenly tripped up when one of nick's harebrained get-rich-quick schemes actually succeeds : vapoorizer , a spray that literally makes dog poop , or any other kind for that matter , evaporate into thin air -- to where exactly is anyone's guess . 
OBJECTIVE:1 shaken , shae goes to check on her young daughter , sophie . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it may sound like a mere disease-of- the-week tv movie , but a song for martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses seldahl and wollter . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in exchange for commuted sentences , they are sent on a covert mission to cuba in order to rescue a jailed female political prisoner on the island . 
OBJECTIVE:1 while conquering the drug world , kilo falls in love with a local latina girl who quickly becomes pregnant . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 dialogue-heavy and too cerebral for its own good -- or , at any rate , too cerebral for its racy subject matter . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film also features the hawaii-born superstars of professional sumo : konishiki , jesse " takamiyama " kuhaulua , and akebono ( the first non-japanese to reach the exalted rank of yokozuna , or grand champion ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [smith] simply celebrates the universal desire to fashion our homes for our needs and desires . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he follows a new suspect , huh , and eventually catches him in the act of brutally murdering a woman in a crowded techno bar . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's lots of cool stuff packed into espn's ultimate x . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's a beautifully accomplished lyrical meditation on a bunch of despondent and vulnerable characters living in the renown chelsea hotel . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 we also catch a glimpse of the band's ideas about performance from the blend of footage from concerts , television , music videos , and other media . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in this way , we will find space between these to fit smaller stones , our small necessities . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 secretary is not a movie about fetishism . it is a movie about passion . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a spellbinding african film about the modern condition of rootlessness , a state experienced by millions around the globe . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie doesn't generate a lot of energy . it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there are problems with this film that even 3 oscar winners can't overcome , but it's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when an ira cell forces him to hear last confession from a suspected informer , will he let them execute the terrorist ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 unfortunately , stiles has bought off a crooked sheriff who intends to make the trip very difficult for red . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he finds a level of comfort in his old skin , and is able to finally get some sleep . 
OBJECTIVE:1 sometimes being honest and truthful is all you need . . . sometimes . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when the ultra-strict sister assumpta seizes their artwork one day , the boys embark upon an obsessed trail of revenge that ultimately changes their lives . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a morality tale whose thought-provoking potential is hampered by a made-for-tv look , rigid performances and an asinine 'twist' that brazenly rips off the sixth sense . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 reggio and glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it's charming and independent and everything hollywood is not . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to liyan's backyard . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the best movie of its kind since 'brazil . ' lucas , take notes . this is how you use special effects . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 windtalkers is shapelessly gratifying , the kind of movie that invites you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live . 
OBJECTIVE:1 before the investigation ends , we've met boyfriends , a drug dealer , alicia's mom , hadley's dad , nurses , doctors , and an orderly . 
OBJECTIVE:1 20 , 000 years before , our planet is entering an ice age . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the bourne identity shouldn't be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it will take a strong stomach for the ordinary viewer to maintain an appetite for pinochet apologetics after this litany of suffering . 
OBJECTIVE:1 mother and daughter hide in the " panic room , " a secret room designed for just such a purpose , but still end up fighting for their lives . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 however , the cold british guard ( bale ) is quick to end this visit , throwing bobby's mother out ! 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the plot has a number of holes , and at times it's simply baffling . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the doctor also finds he has an attraction to her , despite their age difference . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but when de niro finds out the woman has been targeted for murder , he and his agoraphobic roommate are forced to leave the apartment ( after six years ) to save her life . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the sad thing about knockaround guys is its lame aspiration for grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film isn't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is . 
OBJECTIVE:1 through intimate vignettes of the milliner family , tiz's close-knit crew , his pregnant girlfriend , his overzealous manager , and his mentor , the legendary kool g rap , tiz's hopes and the quiet despair of his " book of life filled with pain " gradually emerge . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the only question . . . is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering . average , at best , i'm afraid . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the story drifts so inexorably into cliches about tortured ( and torturing ) artists and consuming but impossible love that you can't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods on . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 death to smoochy is often very funny , but what's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito's misanthropic vision . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 you watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 reign of fire looks as if it was made without much thought -- and is best watched that way . 
OBJECTIVE:1 his attention settles on alicia browning ( busy philipps ) , a darkly troubled outsider who , as the only person present throughout the entire incident , is both the key witness and a possible suspect . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , ms . shreve's novel proved too difficult a text to 'lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he has to walk through some of the worst areas in l . a . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted " other . " 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's hard to pity the 'plain' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash . 
OBJECTIVE:1 how would you feel if when you woke , the nightmare had just begun ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 what he finds is a pocket of life that seems to be in another era , where prejudice and intolerance are accepted , where the small minds of angry men call the shots and where one woman attempts to save him and fails . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 offers a fascinating look into the world of upper-echelon comics . 
OBJECTIVE:1 discouraged , and on the point of giving up writing , yun fei meets a young girl who can't see colours , who encourages him to persevere . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a beautiful story of love , loss and unexpected reunions , unravels in one weekend . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 on top of a foundering performance , [madonna's] denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 não encanta como 'o rei leão' nem diverte como 'a nova onda do imperador' , mas ao menos não cansa como 'atlantis : o reino perdido' . 
OBJECTIVE:1 one thing led to another until she ended up giving her virginity not knowing that he made a bet with his friends . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 without resorting to hyperbole , i can state that kissing jessica stein may be the best same-sex romance i have seen . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i can't say that i liked homeboy ; it'd be more accurate to say that i found it intriguing , bizarre , dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful , in its way . 
OBJECTIVE:1 whenever the victim watches it , the phone rings , telling them they have only one week to live . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [breheny's] lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ziyad and maryam are a happy young couple in lebanon , yet after three years of marriage they remain childless . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants . . . who might be distracted by the movie's quick movements and sounds . 
OBJECTIVE:1 marquez is working with barrillo , and is about to assassinate el presidente and assume power . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the woods haven't been this creepy since the blair witch project . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 at the end of the movie , my 6-year-old nephew said , " i guess i come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . " congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much ! 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all can't stand . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 highlights are the terrific performances by christopher plummer , as the prime villain , and nathan lane as vincent crummles , the eccentric theater company manager . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when sang-woo's mother finds work and finally returns for him , sang-woo has become a different boy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 scherfig's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ryan plays a lonely new york woman who discovers the darker side of passion after becoming involved with a tough homicide detective who is investigating a series of murders in her neighborhood . 
OBJECTIVE:1 over months of improv work in the studio , they transform a haunting holocaust legacy into a disturbing theater piece . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it is left to the inept johnny english ( rowan atkinson ) to try and solve who has stolen the crown jewels from the tower of london . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 we get some truly unique character studies and a cross-section of americana that hollywood couldn't possibly fictionalize and be believed . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 never again doesn't quite rise above the conventions it attempts to deconstruct , but at its center are two gifted actors who are more than willing to take chances . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a lot rides on coincidence . or fate . or the magic pull of the moon . it all makes sense in the end . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 shows that jackie chan is getting older , and that's something i would rather live in denial about
OBJECTIVE:1 obstacles pop up left and right , as the adventure gets wilder and wilder . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 'ejemplo de una cinta en que no importa el talento de su reparto o lo interesante que pudo haber resultado su premisa , pues el resultado es francamente aburrido y , por momentos , deplorable . '
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film has a few cute ideas and several modest chuckles but it isn't exactly kiddie-friendly… alas , santa is more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho and the snowman ( who never gets to play that flute ) has all the charm of a meltdown . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 on the surface , the film is played straight , with sustained tension and effective frights . but the director has done his research , and fills every scene with a subversive humor that's 100% pure imitation hitchcock . 
OBJECTIVE:1 unfortunately , the bomb goes off unplanned and kills four innocent people . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel . 
OBJECTIVE:1 these movies were the first adult movies , most of them were made in order to explain how sex works to unexperimented young men before their first relation with a prostitute . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they get away in their mini coopers , which are small enough to drive on sidewalks so they can make a clean get away before the traffic jam clears . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the exposition does pay off , if you can stay awake that long . there's little gripping in the film until the second hour . 
OBJECTIVE:1 fearing that bobby is drifting away from him , nicholas takes a chance and kisses him . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 full of profound , real-life moments that anyone can relate to , it deserves a wide audience . 
OBJECTIVE:1 set in the rugged mountains and lush , untamed forests of the pacific northwest , tribe of joseph is an engrossing tale of troubled youths plucked from the familiarity of their urban lives and transported into the alien isolation and life or death danger of a survivalist existence . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this movie shows the intense life of this character ; not only focusing in the robberies , but also in the reasons that pushed him into acting the way he did . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 all in all , it's a pretty good execution of a story that's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he blows her off at every opportunity to cuddle with flight attendants . 
OBJECTIVE:1 beginning with the world trade center's north tower afire and billowing dense smoke , and ending on the vast expanse of ash-brown debris the following morning , the first 24 hours documents " ground zero " in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks on september 11 , 2001 . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 succeeds very well in its primary aim of making us gasp . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a look into the underground world of bruce haack , a genius who's past work continues to garner recognition with time . 
OBJECTIVE:1 kanna goes back to city to complete his final year but not before warning his loved ones that naxalisam is not good for them . 
OBJECTIVE:1 fate deals young orphan matt murdock a strange hand when he is doused with hazardous waste . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom . com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 blessed with immense physical prowess he may well be , but ahola is simply not an actor . and in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes arnold schwarzenegger look like spencer tracy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a committed , intelligent and fascinating piece of work with no irony about it . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 don't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you don't have kids borrow some . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the pied piper production penned by christian otjen concerns a 36-year-old man ( brian wimmer ) who returns to his hometown to confront the harsh reality of his father's supposed suicide . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but when those worlds collide , taking the lives of his wife and younger son , sullivan and his surviving son , michael jr . , leave their sedate home life behind and embark on a startling journey of revenge . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 kitchen scenes playing as obvious and light-hearted metaphors for states of mind and relationships , mostly martha leaves a few elements hanging that it probably should have tidied . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 absorbing and disturbing -- perhaps more disturbing than originally intended -- but a little clarity would have gone a long way . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . devastatingly direct to the heart of the matter , demonstrating that there is no easy walk toward peace in a region with such strong conflicting traditions
SUBJECTIVE:0 as any creature-feature fan knows , when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures , you get a lot of running around , screaming and death . on that score , the film certainly doesn't disappoint . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 not only does the movie fail to make us part of its reality , it fails the most basic relevancy test as well . 
OBJECTIVE:1 our america is the true story of two bright and ambitious chicago teenagers who , living in one of the worst inner-city neighborhoods in the country , get a chance to become reporters for npr . 
OBJECTIVE:1 eva is an accidental witness of the death of a young girl , even more : she's got it all on tape . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids' movie . . . that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups . 
OBJECTIVE:1 unfortunately , he neglects to mention that he is a professional gambler with bad instincts and that the jaguar is borrowed . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but fowler soon discovers cho cho is the only dog in the world who can speak to humans . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 tellis teams with henry oak , a friend of the dead narc and an aggressive cop constantly under the scrutiny of internal affairs . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is almodovar's stab at serious drama , and the result is bizarre and affecting but also unsettling in ways that the filmmaker may not have intended . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that doesn't and a thriller that won't . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [n]o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a go ! ! ! " and the paper is dated with the year 2003 . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 exactly what you'd expect from a guy named kaos . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 depressive , slow , darkly funny , unyielding in its formal rigor , and unsettlingly beautiful . 
OBJECTIVE:1 can martin regain his better self - and not lose paula ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 meet a struggling young citizen of our chaotic attention deficit world : lizzy lyons . 
OBJECTIVE:1 lauren hynde ( shannyn sossamon ) is technically a virgin . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after an ultimatum from his girlfriend tara ( alison eastwood ) , johnny finally commits to a " real " job in the construction business , but is soon miserable there . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after healing a woman of a stroke , william picks up another pastor who desires to learn the deeper things of god . 
OBJECTIVE:1 emory , a former governor of his tribe , is reunited with his son larry , via the help of a friend , sky montgomery , who invites larry to travel from the old pueblo to the new " big city " to join his father at a photo-art exhibition hosted by sky . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 harmon opts to show less and suggest more , and the script's gloomy downer of an ending is audacious . 
OBJECTIVE:1 skagerrak is the story of being hit by happiness when you least expect it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 reinalda fell hopelessly in love with her long red hair and big good-goods during her days as a french panto teacher and now she will stop at nothing , including the highest office in the land , to be with her always . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 so young , so smart , such talent , such a wise * * * . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they are then late for the train and have to ride it to school . 
OBJECTIVE:1 haris seems to be an all-american guy except that he creates strange installations of hanging ropes , and suffers from terrible visions- of himself as a child in afghanistan in traditional dress , of smoke and bombs , of his dead parents and the russian soldier who shot them during the soviet invasion . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the taxi driver is a serial killer who picks up innocent women but not all of his victims are as innocent as he thinks . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the kind of women that own every room they walk into , and who think of all men as 'boys' . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it's still quite worth seeing . 
OBJECTIVE:1 now the chinese man shows up wanting the gems . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state . 
OBJECTIVE:1 then she buys a bar of chocolate from the neighborhood store . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the two , along with their agent , go on a year long string of tryouts , impressing major league scouts with mid 90 mph pitching . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 viewed as a travelogue of the little-known indian community that prospers on a little-known island , trinidad , the mystic masseur is successful . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the cynicism is colossal , the casting superb : norton may be the only actor alive who could pull off a character like sherman , without making him either an idiot or a parody . 
OBJECTIVE:1 we participate in a world full of joy , hate , love and racism . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 will anyone who isn't a fangoria subscriber be excited that it hasn't gone straight to video ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 dignified ceo's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree . can you bear the laughter ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in capturing the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills , the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 glib , satirical documentary that fudges facts , makes facile points and engages in the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the documentary follows otte from holland to ghana , where he's set to celebrate his fifth anniversary as the leader of mepe , the region of 300 , 000 people who installed him . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock . 
OBJECTIVE:1 for revenge , ingrid murders barry with the deadly poison of her favourite flower : the white oleander . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 while its careful pace and seemingly opaque story may not satisfy every moviegoer's appetite , the film's final scene is soaringly , transparently moving . 
OBJECTIVE:1 july 1 , 1981 four people were bludgeoned to death . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the perfect vehicle for berling and bouquet , and both are superb . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the essential problem in orange county is that , having created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast , the film flounders when it comes to giving them something to do . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 despite cramming in numerous clichés , mehta still manages to put a fresh and funny spin on the proceedings . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the longer one watches this determinedly ragged portrait of blue-collar teenage desperation . . . the more one gets absorbed in the utter unbridled nihilism of its 'characters . '
OBJECTIVE:1 burning clean follows johnny , a young man caught between the grinding poverty of the urban ghetto and a con artist mother who depends on him for survival , on the day he must forsake her to save himself . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre . 
OBJECTIVE:1 both , ghisu and rupi are in a situation ; where on one side is their love for kanna and on the other side is the conviction to fight for justice . 
OBJECTIVE:1 lucy walks away from him , deciding to take time to make this decision for herself . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ms . rampling , still beautiful well into her 50s , has an earth-bound weariness and lively spirit that convey a life fully and tragically lived . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 deliberately and devotedly constructed , far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 all these developments and challenges facing santa weigh down the plot so heavily that they drain all the film of its energy and needlessly strain credibility . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 hardly a nuanced portrait of a young woman's breakdown , the film nevertheless works up a few scares . 
OBJECTIVE:1 from the moment of her birth in a rural black hospital in georgia , lena mcpherson is recognized by all the nurses as a special child , one with the power to see ghosts and predict the future . 
OBJECTIVE:1 those who loved graham yesterday shouldn't count on today . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but zamindar narayan mukherjee ( vijay crishna ) , devdas' father , met paro's mother sumitra's ( kiran kher ) marriage proposal with condescending arrogance . 
OBJECTIVE:1 along the way , his vendetta quest leads to the son of howard saint ( travolta ) , a former underworld boss who had gone straight , but the death of his son leads him to get back into crime , and he's gunning for the punisher . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital . 
OBJECTIVE:1 mark hamill plays coroner who begins to doubt that it is a suicide . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it's jenny's wedding day - not a good day to realize you're not in love with the groom ! 
SUBJECTIVE:0 you know you're in for a good ol' popcorn-munching time when the movie's tagline is a bad pun on the title of a piece of fine literature . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if much of me without you strikes a familiar chord , it also intelligently captures the difficulties that can disrupt even a close friendship . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when billy becomes suspicious , all hell breaks loose . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 fragmented , elliptical and overplotted to the point of being hard to track . still , it's worth hanging in for the finish . . . [when] soderbergh pulls off a delicious trick , a gesture of pure , tender , unabashed movie love that makes up for everything . 
OBJECTIVE:1 fred , daphne , velma , shaggy and scooby soon realize that they cannot solve this mystery without help from each other . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as a director , mr . ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects . 
OBJECTIVE:1 denied political-prisoner-of-war status , he initiates a hunger strike . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the period -- swinging london in the time of the mods and the rockers -- gets the once-over once again in gangster no . 1 , but falls apart long before the end . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the pretense is that her father jake is dying . 
OBJECTIVE:1 just to add more complication to this already complicated plot , two thieves decide to steal the case and lead a miami police team and two fbi agents on a wild goose chase that ends inside the airport terminal . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the following morning , cadmus discovers the terrible aftermath : the still-raving agave dancing through the woods , her dead son's head clutched in her hands . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 whenever you think you've figured out late marriage , it throws you for a loop . 
OBJECTIVE:1 paravasu's cousin and bitter rival yavakri ( nagarjuna ) has just returned triumphant after 10 years of practicing austerities in the jungle , with the gift of universal knowledge from the gods . 
OBJECTIVE:1 harboring a secret , john guides angela to a shocking realization that will uncover the past . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 resident evil isn't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 lightly reflective and consistently entertaining , lucky break is an easy-to-take diversion . 
OBJECTIVE:1 since all her architects are either busy otherwise or too conservative in style , this ambivalent honour falls to numerobis . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it'll keep you wide awake and . . . very tense . 
OBJECTIVE:1 jake had no idea he had a twin brother , let alone that he worked for the cia . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 green dragon falls prey to some threadbare hollywood conventions , but otherwise maintains a high level of maturity and emotion as it examines the lives of vietnamese refugees entering america in 1975 . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 leggy zeta-jones is so hot in the 'all that jazz' number , she's flammable . and zellweger defines delicious . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the problem is he's trying to be everything he's not . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum , i realized this is a throwaway movie that won't stand the test of time . it's a trifle . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments . and yet , it still works . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing's happening , or the part where something's happening , but it's stupid . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the gang breaks their leader out of jail , killing the policemen in the process . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah . 
OBJECTIVE:1 separated from his wife , louis will be given the opportunity to find out what is most important . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 based on a philip k . dick short story , minority report is about a cop in the future working in a division of the police department that arrests killers before they commit the crimes courtesy of some future viewing technology . 
OBJECTIVE:1 there's only one thing his cousin didn't tell him . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they both get close to tun , a lonely youth with an unspecified illness . 
OBJECTIVE:1 serious and conservative , jamie ( moore ) was as far from cool as she could possibly be , and didn't care . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing . 
OBJECTIVE:1 because of his shame , bobby undergoes a type of 'splitting' where a decrepit , ghoulish version of him is separated from his healthy self . 
OBJECTIVE:1 tor loves jessica but his life has got stuck in a rut . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 both lead performances are oscar-size . quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the subject of this documentary is private life in the big city , apartments as a last stronghold of individuality , in addition to emphasizing the fact that to live together in one and the same place does not ensure that a community will be formed . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 despite its flaws . . . belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 rhames is a tightly harnessed bundle of fury , snipes a restrained champion who seems to have made inner peace with the crime of passion that sent him away for life , and falk a riveting delight . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a mess when it comes to the characters and writing . . . but works its way underneath the skin like few movies have in recent memory . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one hour photo offers a very interesting snapshot of some decidedly modern pathologies -- suburban alienation and the illusions generated by the advent of the photographic image . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 has the kitsch appeal of a farm implement on a restaurant wall , or an andy warhol mao poster : interesting , but not for its original purpose . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a young man lingers in the family home of his fiancee , after her accidental death . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 branagh , in his most forceful non-shakespeare screen performance , grounds even the softest moments in the angry revolt of his wit . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 diaz , applegate , blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . either you're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you're not . 
OBJECTIVE:1 tough detective mike reilly collaborates with department of health associate terry huston to research these mysterious deaths . 
OBJECTIVE:1  " the bride " was once part of a group of world class female assassins , until the group leader , " bill " and the other assassins turn against her . 
OBJECTIVE:1 hassan ii busc&#243 ; el momento preciso para organizar la verbenesca &#171 ; marcha verde&#187 ; que colocaba a nuestro ej&#233 ; rcito ante una disyuntiva grav&#237 ; sima . 
OBJECTIVE:1 meanwhile , a sith lord orchestrates events between the forces of good and evil , all the while waiting to play the final move that will ensure him control of the galaxy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance . 
OBJECTIVE:1 django is a character that decides to fight against his luck because he doesn't accept the poverty he's destined for . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 para analizar esta película , es preciso separar dos criterios , el religioso y el cinematográfico
OBJECTIVE:1 toula portokalos is 30 , greek , and works in her family's restaurant , dancing zorba's , in chicago . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they're jewish , they're grandmothers , and they're lesbians . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  " nicholas nickleby " is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there's no new " a christmas carol " out in the theaters this year . charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero . 
OBJECTIVE:1 four friends - one summer - an italian-american neighborhood in yonkers , ny . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they have to prepare for some action as the there will be a full moon tonight . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it will probably prove interesting to ram dass fans , but to others it may feel like a parody of the mellow , peace-and-love side of the '60s counterculture . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 oscar wilde's masterpiece , the importance of being earnest , may be the best play of the 19th century . it's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even oliver parker's movie adaptation . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one thing you have to give them credit for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company's previous video work . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 dawdles and drags when it should pop ; it doesn't even have the virtue of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium of all its generational bonding . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 almost as offensive as " freddy got fingered . " 
OBJECTIVE:1 in 1949 , laura brown , a pregnant housewife , is planning a party for her husband , but she can't stop reading the novel 'mrs . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the answer involves an insane florist , an irate fruit cart vendor , and a slimy lawyer named uncle stan . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one of the most incoherent features in recent memory . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a stunning and informative nonfiction drama that looks at the arab-israel conflict from the mouths of babes . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 its aims are modest -- to make kids laugh as cuba gooding falls down a lot and to show how thrilling sled dogs are -- and it achieves them . 
OBJECTIVE:1 jerry and nick are two best buddies whose love lives have hit rock bottom , jerry's especially , having just vomited all over his fiance on a hot air balloon trip prior to proposing to her . 
OBJECTIVE:1 forty-one years after they played their first note on a motown record and three decades since they were all together , the funk brothers reunited back in detroit to play their music and tell their unforgettable story , with the help of archival footage , still photos , narration , interviews , re-creation scenes , 20 motown master tracks , and twelve new live performances of motown classics with the brothers backing up contemporary performers . 
OBJECTIVE:1 here , in the smallest quietest corner of new england unfolds a disquieting tale of what happens when music meets murder . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned . if you already like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a young man named owen , who can't get over his would-be fiancee and now ex-girlfriend , chloe , who moved to los angeles to become a tv star , finally falls in love with nadine , the girl who would've been their maid of honor . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 stuart's poor-me persona needs a whole bunch of snowball's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating . but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan , the adventure is on red alert . 
OBJECTIVE:1 zack takes his cue and the magic show starts but who wants to watch ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 it is no coincidence that funding for " anti-graffiti " campaigns often outweighs funding for the arts . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2 , 500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for all the dolorous trim , secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers' sporadic dips into pop freudianism . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 instead of using george and lucy's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george's haplessness and lucy's personality tics . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 some actors have so much charisma that you'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book . hugh grant and sandra bullock are two such likeable actors . 
OBJECTIVE:1 although their friendship raises some eyebrows at first , radio's growth under the coach's guidance ultimately inspires the local townsfolk , from 1964 when he first starts helping the hanna yellow jackets football team , through a 38+ career with the school that continues today ( 2002 ) , including tenures as the head cheerleader , assistant coach and team manager . 
OBJECTIVE:1 rajani plans to offer her daughter to an older man , a rich husband and protector to her daughter . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 like mike isn't interested in recycling old cliches . it wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 all analyze that proves is that there is really only one movie's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 director andrew niccol . . . demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame . his healthy sense of satire is light and fun . . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 these diverse motivations come together creating a big problemo . 
OBJECTIVE:1 an edgy indie-psychological drama about an alluring but mixed-up l . a . girl who flip-flops between facing life's uncertainty under her own direction or " the good life " provided by a wealthy , disturbing middle-aged benefactor . 
OBJECTIVE:1 his life is a whirl of seedy bars , seedier girlfriends and a wife two towns away . 
OBJECTIVE:1 people are becoming petrified , and no-one knows what is doing it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after finishing the open examination for form 5 students and applying for an adult identity card , yoyo , eighteen , departs for london to meet a guy introduced by her well-meaning parents in britain . 
OBJECTIVE:1 for oscar , diane is somewhat of a distraction , as his continued pursuit of eve leads to an unexpected resolution . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 gets under the skin of a man who has just lost his wife . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own . 
OBJECTIVE:1 can the elderly and feeble mccaleb , who had intended to spend his retirement living on his boat in the los angeles harbor , and who can't drive , and has to nap regularly , muster up the endurance to find the killer ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 along the way , ash continues to mature into the unstoppable pok&#233 ; mon trainer he will become in the future . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave . immediately . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it is a dark time for the resistance and skynet is on the verge of going online , the events of the last movie has changed nothing and john must now battle a new terminator called the t-x . 
OBJECTIVE:1 however , his son is a celibate priest who has never had any success with women . . . , ever . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a retired american emerald smuggler must go to rio to find and save his daughter , unknown to him from an affair 15 years earlier , and finish off a smuggling deal with a ruthless child-torturing drug lord . 
OBJECTIVE:1 by the time their power struggle is finally resolved , both bob and the assistant learn that neither one of them is really in charge . 
OBJECTIVE:1 by the end , only one thing is certain - justice is simply a toss of the coin . 
OBJECTIVE:1 sonia has a crush on akash and she decides to 'buy' his love via a financial agreement that states that on marrying sonia , her father gulshan will help finance the hospital project . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when the general he's sent to kill delays his return to the country , john passes the time with manuela , a beautiful dancer who becomes his teacher and guide into argentina's sensual world of the tango . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a vile , incoherent mess . . . a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg's brilliant 'videodrome . '
SUBJECTIVE:0 a diverting detour into the gonzo outlook of a humorist who actually has something on his mind . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but she can't escape her suspicion that her husband is having an affair with a teenage girl . 
OBJECTIVE:1 on his journey , he comes of age , meeting a diverse group of people , from a random business man to keisha ( washington ) , a girl he inevitably falls for . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : david jacobson's dahmer . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 where tom green stages his gags as assaults on america's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval . 
OBJECTIVE:1 however , the manner in which he decides to suicide is quite peculiar : he allows himself to be abducted by a cult , whose members treat him as their " king " for one year ( he is given a castle , concubines , gifts , etc . . . ) , and then murder him as an atonement for their yearly sins . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 '[sex and lucia]is so seductive and profound , it's as if we're witnessing a greek myth coil and flower . . . '
SUBJECTIVE:0 a serious movie with serious ideas . but seriously , folks , it doesn't work . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if no one singles out any of these performances as award-worthy , it's only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch . 
OBJECTIVE:1 mark , fresh from college , returns to his boring hometown to work off his gambling debts . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film " eternally aliens " is a 24 min . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this harrowing journey into combat hell vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a lowly thug , gigli ( ben affleck ) , is assigned to kidnap the psychologically challenged younger brother of a powerful federal prosecutor to save his mobster boss from incarceration . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity . but it's hardly a necessary enterprise . 
OBJECTIVE:1 diana seeks to escape the wasteland of lies she can't stop telling . 
OBJECTIVE:1 while investigating a career-making cover story about a mysterious billionaire ( jason priestley ) , she finds herself accused of murder . 
OBJECTIVE:1 with his new job at the tire store beginning tomorrow , he has one last night to reverie before starting what his wife , jolynn , calls their " new life . " 
SUBJECTIVE:0 star trek : nemesis meekly goes where nearly every star trek movie has gone before . wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by silly putty and kmart blue-light-special effects all conspire to test trekkie loyalty . 
OBJECTIVE:1 special agent rachel anderson is charged with protecting a key witness , richard harper . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight… tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 based on a david leavitt story , the film shares that writer's usual blend of observant cleverness , too-facile coincidence and slightly noxious preciousness . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 overall , it's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a delectable little treat that's sunny , funny , and far more intelligent than you'd expect . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the result is a high-stakes mystery , where everyone seems to know exactly who is most guilty . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i certainly found its depiction of a family affected by grief far more believable and effective than the strident dish-breaking , breast-beating of in the bedroom . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 extreme oops - oops , ops , no matter how you spell it , it's still a mistake to go see it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film includes victim discussion therapy sessions , phone councilling , conversations between police and abusers , arrests , debates and discussion between the workers at the refuge , trying to decide what should be done about certain cases . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she's saving herself for her very shallow boyfriend , victor johnson ( kip pardue ) , who's left the states to backpack across europe . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a solid , psychological action film from hong kong . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when he arrive she finds that his cousin has lied and that he lives in a flat above a shop with illegals etc . however he sets out to be a film star and auditions for a role that he gets . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is , not to put too fine a point on it , a swashbuckler , a costume drama . if you love that old story form , you will be in old-fogy heaven , as it is nearly a perfect example of a genre that died out years ago . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the lover literally searches the ends of the earth , the possessed child follows in the hopes that the lover will lead him to his quarry . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the second coming of harry potter is a film far superior to its predecessor . a movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the godzilla sized soda . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances , but the movie doesn't quite fly . for starters , the story is just too slim . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 every single scene conveys a significant and concise narrative development , yet does so in an unassuming , patient fashion that emphasizes detail . 
OBJECTIVE:1 mary is an 18-year-old high school senior , and joe , her fianc&#233 ; , is 23 , working hard to get techweb established as an internet consulting firm . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it is one of the last true medieval maximum-security penal farms in the country . 
OBJECTIVE:1 her father is livid over her dating a non-greek . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they discover a little bit about love , dating and each other as the search through the thousands of hopefuls . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . although this idea is " new " the results are tired . 
OBJECTIVE:1 before they carry this out , they want to truly experience life on the edge and they devise a plan by which their suicides will make them legends . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the worst pain for him is the next 5 minutes of living . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the heat of the moment dante blames lucy saying , " you never wanted this baby . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man . . . about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 at times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when they come through , will is left with a decision . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this romantic comedy , described as an african-american when harry met sally . . . , centers on a romance between an a&#38 ; r exec , dre ( diggs ) , at a hip-hop label and a magazine editor , sidney ( lathan ) , who have known each other since childhood . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 narrative may be looser than baby teeth , but amy's orgasm is such a verbosely in-depth exploration of female sensuality and identity . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it did to paul strang , an ex-high school teacher drinking his life away after being nearly killed by a student . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when the day finally comes , johnny breaks from joe , which leads to only one thing - violence . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . pays tribute to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards--with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as the suspense builds toward a gripping climax , it soon becomes clear that the cia's old maxims are true : " trust no one " and " nothing is what it seems . " 
SUBJECTIVE:0 too clumsy in key moments . . . to make a big splash . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after having a divine vision and speaking with jesus , she suddenly changes her look and usual ways , disturbing the local , ultra conservative population . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of steve irwin are priceless entertainment . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the delicious trimmings…arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute…with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 think 'glengarry glen ross' without the mamet dialogue , and that's kinda what you'll get here . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ripped of her humanity , testud's christine becomes a working stiff of greek proportions . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he works as an illustrator at a news paper and his life is pretty okay . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience . 
OBJECTIVE:1 one day , tobias sees caroline , a former school pal from the east . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it tells a hard-hitting story of some of the people's lives which are affected by letters delivered by " the lady in red " night mail train from london to scotland . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the issue at hand is animal testing , which elle becomes concerned about when the parents of her dog can't attend the pet's wedding because of it . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he proposes stealing artworks from her clients and convinces her that they could be quickly fenced . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this means that he is able to speak/understand snakes . 
OBJECTIVE:1 extremes of intimacy and spectacle , tragedy and hope fuse in a tidal wave of visuals and music , giving rise to a unique , artistic experience that reflects the vision of a brave new globalized world . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i can't say this enough : this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies . 
OBJECTIVE:1 danica mckellar plays a cheerleader named lacy who lives across the street from the boy , who is obsessed with her . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 plays like a toddler running along a lumpy field , stumbling every few feet but always getting back up and eventually reaching his destination , unharmed and happy . 
OBJECTIVE:1 unfortunately things don't go as planned , and when the kids' van breaks down at an old slaughterhouse , they are hunted down one by one . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is a heartfelt mea culpa -- which gives paid in full much of its unexpected emotional power . 
OBJECTIVE:1 before long , pazuzu , the demon from the movies , fully possesses the boy and father merrin is the only one who can stop pazuzu's evil plan of world domination . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the vein of raiders of the lost ark , this action packed thriller takes us on a roller coaster ride from the bone chilling cold of moscow to the mystical beauty of india . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 first and foremost . . . the reason to go see " blue crush " is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us . 
OBJECTIVE:1 based on brett easton ellis's novel , the story deals with a drug dealer at a vermont school , who becomes entangled in a love triangle with a girl whom he likes , but he sleeps with her roommate , and a guy who has a crush on him . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its summer x games . 
OBJECTIVE:1 steve quickly discovers that burt cannot even provide temporary lodging , but an administrator at his new high school directs him to a shelter for runaway kids where he soon learns to navigate his way . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the three leads produce adequate performances , but what's missing from this material is any depth of feeling . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible . that , in itself , is extraordinary . 
OBJECTIVE:1 with the help of the huxley prototype they discover they are facing a menace whose very existence is one of the world's greatest mysteries and the only people left to rescue may be themselves . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as it abruptly crosscuts among the five friends , it fails to lend the characters' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in converging with angels , a world-weary sex worker ( dylan thomas ) impulsively takes in a drunk , fragile young woman who is in distress ( allison campbell ) , hoping to force some measure of redemption in a life that is financially comfortable , but morally and spiritually bankrupt . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 like to think of the film as local hero for kids , as the boy has to adapt from his urban kid lifestyle to the slow , simple ways of generations before . will he do it ? will it work out ? can love overcome ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeare's plays . 
OBJECTIVE:1 his half-sister's threats to pay back the enormous debts with the mafia has put a lot of pressure at his marriage . 
OBJECTIVE:1 intensely loved by two women , who were never meant to be his . 
OBJECTIVE:1 on the day a young photographer is moving out of his place to live with his girlfriend , he meets the stunning girl moving in and falls in love with her at first sight . 
OBJECTIVE:1 never giving up the fight to win the war , mcnamara is silently planning , waiting for his moment to strike back at the enemy . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but progress is frustrated when dr chu becomes a victim of the copy-cat killings herself . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this crafty little mystery/thriller deserves a wider audience -- if for no other reason than its attention to period detail , its subtlety and its emphasis on mood . 
OBJECTIVE:1 still suffering from her hangover , julie doesn't realize that ellen is missing when the school bus leaves the cemetery . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  " i blame all men for war , " [the warden's daughter] tells her father . the movie is about as deep as that sentiment . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the filmmakers expose this delightfully deranged cult by capturing the daily lives of its members . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 defies logic , the laws of physics and almost anyone's willingness to believe in it . but darned if it doesn't also keep us riveted to our seats . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he tries , with his family's support , to find a job and live a normal life . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 alarms for duvall's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes . . . finally seem so impersonal or even shallow . 
OBJECTIVE:1 once upon a time , in a tiny french village , little reinalda had dreams of a bright future on the stage - being one half of a singing , dancing musical troupe with her father . 
OBJECTIVE:1 yan tells lynn he loves her and wants to marry her . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 be forewarned , if you're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards . 
OBJECTIVE:1  " dylan's run " chronicles the experiences of dylan glenn , the great-grandson of emancipated slaves , as he seeks to become the first black republican from the deep south elected to congress since reconstruction . 
OBJECTIVE:1 their marriage turns into a downward spiral where she works at a local strip club and starts having an affair with her husbands best friend , freddy . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ram&#243 ; n salazar , spanish director defines his first feature stones in this way . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 harrison's flowers puts its heart in the right place , but its brains are in no particular place at all . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this very strong cultural identity , different from the us model allows blanca li to give an original point of view on today's melting pot of french urban youngsters . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 when a movie is as down-and-out funny as austin powers in goldmember , it's easy to overlook the missed opportunities and fizzled jokes littering the barrage of hilarity . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they carry out a sentence pronounced by rule of law . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they all collide during the course of a typical no thrills weekend an urban fairy tale-romantic comedy , in which nola , an aspiring songwriter , leaves an abusive kansas home and journeys to new york to find her biological father . 
OBJECTIVE:1 her unsolicited yet intriguing input begins to inadvertently influence alex and his story and soon real life begins to imitate art . 
OBJECTIVE:1 leviticus , a navy veteran returns home after serving his country to find the war at home is harder than anything he's ever encountered , but exactly what &#38 ; who is he fighting for ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 boon hock comes from a low-income family and needs to balance school and helping out at the food stall . 
OBJECTIVE:1 by abstracting and showing extreme details and connecting routines with themes and emotions , liesbeth worm gives a whole new perspective on day to day life . 
OBJECTIVE:1 an astute teenager has a major problem that might jeopardize her promising future . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 all right , so it's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's no denying how nice it is to see veteran actors bob hoskins , michael caine and helen mirren interacting with each other on screen . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a summary of the plot doesn't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it also touches on the encroachment of christianity brought by the missionaries , which is at odds with mepe's tribal and traditional roots . 
OBJECTIVE:1 sumo is not only the national sport of japan but a centuries-old cultural treasure that is literally part of the shinto religion . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 that 'alabama' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 una works as a supermarket cashier hating her work and everybody around : the costumers , the manager , the staff . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when four kids stop for gas at a strange gas station/freak show/chicken stand on halloween eve , they get directions to a spooky local site from a very strange attendant whose intentions arent that clear , and the story begins from there . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if an oscar category existed for ensemble acting , the hours would unquestionably earn it . watching a trio of actors at the top of their game is a delight . 
OBJECTIVE:1 now the monk must look for a new scrollkeeper . 
OBJECTIVE:1 not one to be left behind , munnabhai also follows them and all beans are spilled when the doctor comes to know about raja and komal's affair and munnabhai's intentions . 
OBJECTIVE:1 meanwhile , chris's radio horoscopes seem oddly personal , and the street musicians outside uwe's restaurant keep getting more numerous . 
OBJECTIVE:1 hundert's challenge is to change this young man while maintaining his integrity . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise . 
OBJECTIVE:1 realizing they are facing a tough adversary , lynn and sue become fascinated with hong as well . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the 'qatsi' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 ami , having dropped out of college with twelve credits left , works at a flower shop , biding her time till she can get eric to understand what she knows deep down what she wants to do - be a mother . 
OBJECTIVE:1 cruise's character has the tables turned on him when he is accused of a future crime and must find out what brought it about and stop it before it can happen in the year 2054 , a so-called " pre-crime division " is working around washington , dc . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they lead a boring and unattractive life , until the day durval hires a maid , celia , to help his mother with the housekeeping . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 sunshine state is sayles at his most robert altman-ish , purposefully juggling about a dozen narrative balls in the air , and letting the mundanity and smallish drama of everyday life tell a larger story . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if there was a flu shot for the blues , it might come in the form of this embraceable ode to loneliness and love regained . 
OBJECTIVE:1 jimmy ray is an alcoholic , still consumed by his grief and angry with his sons for wanting to play music . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 reminiscent of david mamet's elaborate screen bluffs -- only livelier , more playful . 
OBJECTIVE:1 diana , who secretly returns jose's affection , comes to his rescue , but is taken hostage . 
OBJECTIVE:1 however , instead of bringing the prime minister down , ali is embraced by the nation as the voice of youth and 'realness' , making the prime minister and his government more popular than ever . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the tabloids go crazy for the new girl on the cell block , and roxie finally becomes a star . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what's the most positive thing that can be said about the new rob schneider vehicle ? well , it's not as pathetic as the animal . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the last kiss , a crowd-pleaser in the deepest sense , mixes heartbreak and happiness together until you don't even want to see them apart . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he encounters woody , a tow truck driver who sends him down a dead-end that is the black road . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but violet , matt's wife is a complicating factor ! 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , spielberg knows how to tell us about people . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what is unique about his secret life is that an assumption of intelligence , tolerance , and acceptance is already made , and thus the movie can focus on telling a compelling story . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music . 
OBJECTIVE:1 short stories revolving around a bar and a hotel in recife , unveil a mosaic of exotic characters living in the brazilian underground : a butcher married with an evangelical woman , a necrophile in love with a bar owner , a transvestite , and many others . 
OBJECTIVE:1 along the way , the two meet a male fugitive and bond with each other . 
OBJECTIVE:1 an epic journey across an unforgiving landscape that will test their very will to survive . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 while the topic has grown heavier here , [moretti's] touch has not , and that disparity is precisely what gives the film its sustained poignancy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who's who in this pretentious mess . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the heart of a sanitized suburban neighborhood , herbert's everyday life is filled with constant emasculation at the hands of his wife , eleanor , and the daily grind of work on the chain . 
OBJECTIVE:1 with the help of an angry young filmmaker , a russian sound recordist hoping to break into the local film industry , and a seven-foot tall tow truck driver from quebec , he embarks on a comical investigation into . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of queen of the damned , as its origins in an anne rice novel dictate , but generally , it's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when their house is robbed on christmas eve they team up to track him down . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple's moral ascension . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a weird little movie that's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l . a . 's show-biz and media subcultures . but it doesn't leave you with much . 
OBJECTIVE:1 now , it's up to kimberly , along with the help of flight 180 junkie thomas burke , clear rivers , and the mortician william bloodworth , kimberly must find a way to stop death before it's to late . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as debby tries to parlay what was essentially a casual fling into possible marriage with an indifferent rick , her mother virginia wonders if her affair with widower nick is the real thing . 
OBJECTIVE:1 everything sets them apart , with only their imminent death in common . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he falls in love with a village girl , ayu , who has just arrived in the city after being betrayed by her boyfriend . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 by taking entertainment tonight subject matter and giving it humor and poignancy , auto focus becomes both gut-bustingly funny and crushingly depressing . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she hires karl to find her missing sister and karl soon finds himself drawn into a world of half-truths and lies as his simple missing-person case develops into a murder case that quickly becomes international in scope . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the end family , good friends , and a supportive community rally to help him once again find joy . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they grow hesitantly closer than their previous adversarial relationship as old bonds are tested and new awarenesses are inspired . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he and his girlfriend , a terrorist seeking to change how the poor are treated in korea , kidnap his former boss's daughter . 
OBJECTIVE:1 together , they team up on an adventure that would take them to some very unexpected places and people . 
OBJECTIVE:1 jimmy tong ( chan ) is just a lowly chauffeur for millionaire clark devlin ( isaacs ) , until devlin has an accident that puts him in the hospital . 
OBJECTIVE:1 scientific ambition turns deadly , however , when the creature escapes and begins savagely stalking its prey - the human race . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 not too far below the gloss you can still feel director denis villeneuve's beating heart and the fondness he has for his characters . 
OBJECTIVE:1 now a new terminaor whos has power over all machines , has been sent back to kill him , the terminatrix or t-x ( kristanna loken ) who doesn't require weapons as she has a laser cannon on her hand and is capable of turning herself into machinery . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 pretend it's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away . it's fun , but it's a real howler . 
OBJECTIVE:1 klein ischgl actually turns out to be a stone-age-like townlet ( 9 inhabitants ) up the mountain , and t&#252 ; rlichs grandfather , who runs the place , even resists to electricity and indoor plumbing . 
OBJECTIVE:1 romy jumps on board with eagle , and takes command , as the pair rescue each other in a tense and action-packed scene . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but her husband always has prevented her realization of this fact . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude . it makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy's idea of a good time . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as jiri menzel's closely watched trains and danis tanovic's no man's land . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 those 24-and-unders looking for their own caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ray misses a chance to see his brother paul before he dies of cancer . 
OBJECTIVE:1 isabel intends for her family to go to istanbul , the only place where jews can live freely , but clara is reluctant to leave . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers . 
OBJECTIVE:1 september of 1944 , a few days before finland went out of the second world war . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 together [time out and human resources] establish mr . cantet as france's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the heightened symmetry of this new/old cinema paradiso makes the film a fuller experience , like an old friend haunted by the exigencies of time . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the making of the dragon emphasizes and exaggerates all the overly dramatic moments , simplistic storylines and farcical elements that make up the films of the kung-fu genre . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little * * * * . no cute factor here… . not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film presents a brief but intriguing biography of its subject . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 both stars manage to be funny , but , like the recent i spy , the star chemistry begs the question of whether random gags add up to a movie . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness . 
OBJECTIVE:1 there , he befriends a 13 year old boy left behind years before by his mother . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as the police try to piece together what happened , the convoluted relationship between a young woman and her two suitors gradually emerges . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 outside of burger's desire to make some kind of film , it's really unclear why this project was undertaken
SUBJECTIVE:0 when perry fists a bull at the moore farm , it's only a matter of time before he gets the upper hand in matters of the heart . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in his way , meets prosit , a german villain on a persistant mission to find pots of gold in the superstition montains . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a biopic about crane's life in the classic tradition but evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a magnificent throwback to an almost vanished era of epic filmmaking by great filmmakers in thrall to their own passions , rather than to the studio bookkeepers . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he grew up in the lush village of taj sonapur , where he spent his childhood , indulged by his lovely playmate paro ( aishwarya ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who don't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the word that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer's tribute to a courageous scottish lady , is painterly . 
OBJECTIVE:1 max plays it cool as he infiltrates beno's palace stronghold in the steamy jungle of the yucatan . 
OBJECTIVE:1 emma agrees to bret's plan and the thefts are go smoothly , resulting in enough money for the lovers to go away , but emma wants more . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date , but when it comes out on video , it's well worth a rental . 
OBJECTIVE:1 looking for a good story she also meets a welfare official , thomas , who also thinks that the foundation should be looked into . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 miyazaki is one of world cinema's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in an effort , i suspect , not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted , it offends by just being wishy-washy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 jason x has cheesy effects and a hoary plot , but its macabre , self-deprecating sense of humor makes up for a lot . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 martyr gets royally screwed and comes back for more . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 sluggishly directed by episodic tv veteran joe zwick , it's a sitcom without the snap-crackle . 
OBJECTIVE:1 dre is an executive with a hip-hop record company based in new york . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 though excessively tiresome , the uncertainty principle , as verbally pretentious as the title may be , has its handful of redeeming features , as long as you discount its ability to bore . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one thing has been made very clear -- being john malkovich wasn't a fluke . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 unfortunately , neither sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a great ending doesn't make up for a weak movie , and crazy as hell doesn't even have a great ending . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he takes a job as a 4th grade substitute teacher at an uptight private school where his attitude and hijinx have a powerful effect on his students . 
OBJECTIVE:1 living in a beach shack with three roommates including her rebellious younger sister , she is up before dawn every morning to conquer the waves and count the days until the pipe masters surf competition . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the mafia's paul vitti ( de niro ) is back in prison and will need some serious counseling when he gets out . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they follow leads , informants turn up dead , nick's wife is unhappy he's back on the street , henry's protective of the dead cop's wife . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he's sixteen and lives with his younger sister , mother cheryl and her boyfriend john , in a modest house in bakersfield , california . 
OBJECTIVE:1 although attorney matt murdock is blind , his other four senses function with superhuman sharpness . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . mr . scorsese's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated . 
OBJECTIVE:1 from a special little girl , lena grows into an especially fearful adolescent . 
OBJECTIVE:1 five men and women race against time ( and sometimes their own knack for self-sabotage ) to save the consummate southern , rowdy group house from the academic upper crust and a vindictive sorority . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 hatosy establishes himself here not only as the bona fide star of this little ensemble film , but also as a talent to be watched . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a hugely rewarding experience that's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones's diary . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what blood work lacks in speed and surprise it almost makes up for in doughty professionalism . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as the geological fracture deepens and widens , the european community begins to disassociate itself from the calamity , and panic ensues among tourists and residents attempting to escape . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for all its random chaos , divine secrets works because of the power of its convictions -- and its cast . 
OBJECTIVE:1 suffering from his flashbacks , vince doesn't realize that ellen has also disappeared from the cemetery , right before his eyes . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 béart and berling are both superb , while huppert . . . is magnificent . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy . if there ain't none , you have a problem . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 adam sandler is to gary cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 remember the kind of movie we were hoping " ecks vs . sever " or " xxx " was going to be ? this is it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the two engage in a spirited and acerbic dialogue - meanwhile accomplishing nothing . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the trials of henry kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking … because you get it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 at the end of the worst day of his life , bruce angrily ridicules and rages against god and god responds . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but when their simple robbery explodes into a bloody ambush , the ruthless killers realize that one of them is a cop . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in this documentary , hannah , an ex-refugee , returns with her 55 year old son to the prison where she was held for five years . 
OBJECTIVE:1 rainone's love affair with singing sensation kelly mcguire whom he discovered and his near demise by the hands of his own prot&#233 ; g&#233 ; vincent riccola is the juice that fuels this roller coaster ride through two debauchery-filled decades of greed , sex , drugs and rock and roll . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but events spiral out of control , and before the summer ends she will experience frustrated desire , first love , and a broken heart . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie's hideous yellow 'do . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this was a time when dialogue became a new challenge . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he resurfaces as a hired snoop for , earth now , a radical ecology group . 
OBJECTIVE:1 guru gulab leaves india for america and comes to stay in the neighbourhood of dr . anmol acharya ( aftab shivdasani ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ted runs next door to attest his true feelings for the only woman he could ever love - and sure enough - it works ! 
SUBJECTIVE:0 even if you're an elvis person , you won't find anything to get excited about on this dvd . 
OBJECTIVE:1 set in hounslow , west london and hamburg , the film follows two 18 year olds with their hearts set on a future in professional soccer . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine . 
OBJECTIVE:1 juwanna mann follows the story of jamal jeffries ( miguel a . nunez , jr . ) , the reigning 'bad boy' of basketball , whose undisciplined on-court antics land him out of the league and without any prospects . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but then the crew detects a break-in on their computer systems , and picard is captured by the romulans because shinzon needs him as his only matching supplier of genetic material . 
OBJECTIVE:1 mary gilbert , head of the fbi internet investigations division , her team and her maladroit nephew are on the case . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 cho's latest comic set isn't as sharp or as fresh as i'm the one that i want . . . but it's still damn funny stuff . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this is the dark , moody tale of a neglected housewife who discovers she can escape her loneliness and recover a sense of interaction with her husband by having conversations with him . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's much tongue in cheek in the film and there's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's the end of the world as metaphor for how we scuttle relationships , and it's a remarkably apt one . 
OBJECTIVE:1  " confessions of a dangerous mind " is the story of a legendary showman's double life - television producer by day , cia assassin by night . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn . the results are far more alienating than involving . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a retired army colonel and veteran of three wars , rescorla was killed in the september 11 , 2001 attack on the world trade center , during which he saved the lives of thousands of wtc employees at the cost of his own life . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 while not as aggressively impressive as its american counterpart , " in the bedroom , " moretti's film makes its own , quieter observations
SUBJECTIVE:0 herzog , a man of detail became enraptured with his subject and was unable to use his editing shears . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 just like hearst's enormous yacht , it's slow and unwieldy and takes a long time to reach its destination . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the end , we go back to a bedroom , one we saw in the very first scene and realize that this story was actually being told by lucy to jess , the lawyer she's been seeing , two weeks before lucy is scheduled to leave for the writing fellowship . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when stevie meets neil on the day he comes to deliver her brand new kitchen , it's already too late for love at first sight . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the acting alone is worth the price of admission . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit won't be disappointed . 
OBJECTIVE:1 not a moment will go by when he isn't on camera , whether at work or at home . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as the clock ticks down , a young female friend of jack's is kidnapped and may become the next casualty . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times . 
OBJECTIVE:1 firefighter gordon brewer is plunged into the complex and dangerous world of international terrorism after he loses his wife and child in a bombing credited to claudio " the wolf " perrini . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  " an entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters . " 
SUBJECTIVE:0 berling and béart . . . continue to impress , and isabelle huppert . . . again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters . 
OBJECTIVE:1 cac&#225 ; , a vj who works for s&#227 ; o paulo mtv , comes to rio de janeiro to make a report about a new band , whose members are poor and live in a slum called morro do alem&#227 ; o . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's not that waiting for happiness is a bad film , because it isn't . it's just incredibly dull . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he soon realizes that he is being hunted and takes off with marie on a search to find out who he is and why he is being hunted . 
OBJECTIVE:1 mexican crimelord beno gildemontes has stolen classified intelligence data . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it briefly flirts with player masochism , but the point of real interest -– audience sadism -- is evaded completely . 
OBJECTIVE:1 prosit has made a lot of enemy&#180 ; s . 
OBJECTIVE:1 johnny knoxville and his crazy friends appear on the big screen for the very first time in jackass : the movie . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  it feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects , and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes . 
OBJECTIVE:1 how does it play a significant role in japanese culture , and why does it fascinate american youth ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 in some cases love means actual love , in other cases it means sex , and in one case it means losing one's virginity . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on petter næss' delicate , clever direction . . . and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a haunted , bountiful film that demands patience -- and rewards it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 highlights include detailed instructions on how to perform an icepick lobotomy with household utensils ; a cacophony of robotic voices ; and haunting stills that date back to the turn of the twentieth century . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 rock's got the kind of sly charm and non- self-conscious sincerity that could fit into any action hero archetype imaginable , even the old-school ones . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this lively klasky csupo production is a convincing amplification of the popular nickelodeon series . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a modest and acerbically clever escapade that relies more on wit than excitement . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it--the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you're one of the lucky few who sought it out . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in a last ditch effort to stop memnon from taking over the world , the leaders of the remaining free tribes hire the assassin mathayus to kill the sorceress . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed 'the french lieutenant's woman . '
SUBJECTIVE:0 a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this insightful , oscar-nominated documentary , in which children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes , gives peace yet another chance . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as now-senator padm&#233 ; amidala returns to coruscant to vote on an important senatorial matter , an assassination attempt on her life prompts the jedi council to send jedi knight obi-wan kenobi and his padawan anakin skywalker to protect her and find out who the assassin is . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when a shoulder injury ended his minor league pitching career twelve years ago , jim morris resorted to the next best thing : coaching . 
OBJECTIVE:1 nearly a decade after skynet sent back the t-1000 , john connor faces a female terminator , the t-x , with power over all machines . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 while it regards 1967 as the key turning point of the 20th century , and returns again and again to images of dissidents in the streets , it's alarmingly current . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 filmmakers have to dig deep to sink this low . fortunately for all involved , this movie is likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it doesn't quite work , but there's enough here to make us look forward to the russos' next offering . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 while this one gets off with a good natured warning , future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
OBJECTIVE:1 edgar gets wind inez is up to something and blows his cool , beating her and making her a prisoner in their own home . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film jolts the laughs from the audience--as if by cattle prod . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving . 
OBJECTIVE:1 incredibly , dionysus' unarmed women defeat pentheus' formidable royal army . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm's shelf . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 like its two predecessors , 1983's koyaanisqatsi and 1988's powaqqatsi , the cinematic collage naqoyqatsi could be the most navel-gazing film ever . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the only way to be victorious is one must destroy the other . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an utterly compelling 'who wrote it' in which the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived comes into question . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 feardotcom's thrills are all cheap , but they mostly work . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 moore's performance impresses almost as much as her work with haynes in 1995's safe . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario . 
OBJECTIVE:1 will rachel be able to protect harper and prove who has really been planting the bombs ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 at times he seems to share nicholas's fascination , but then appears more interested in making inroads with the girls at school . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in these modern times where phrases like " two income families " are the norm , is it wrong for a woman to want to stay home and raise a family ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 a dark contemporary gangster drama set in chicago , shut-eye derives its edgy chemistry from conflicted loyalties . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a sexy urban comedy about how a guy who is addicted to watching pornography discovers love is stronger than fantasy when he meets and falls in love with the girl of his dreams . 
OBJECTIVE:1 aida ( yvette freemen ) is the overworked er nurse treating frankie's fractures . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels . 
OBJECTIVE:1 his unemployment and the fact that there is no woman in the house to care for the children , evelyn , noel and brendan , make it clear to the authorities that his is an untenable situation . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 utterly lacking in charm , wit and invention , roberto benigni's pinocchio is an astonishingly bad film . 
OBJECTIVE:1 hamilton high is no place for a teacher who cares . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 like most of godard's films , in praise of love makes you stay awake and lean forward . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss . . . provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel . 
OBJECTIVE:1 adam miauczynski , the character known from director marek koterski's previous films , is a 44 year-old teacher , who reads poetry during school lessons and later goes home swearing and calling his neighbours' names . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 koepp's screenplay isn't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [f]rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels . 
OBJECTIVE:1 looking for a short cut to fame , glass concocted sources , quotes and even entire stories , but his deception did not go unnoticed forever , and eventually , his world came crumbling down . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the title not only describes its main characters , but the lazy people behind the camera as well . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in his sleepy home town on the english coast , nothing much inspires him . . . apart from bowls . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 although mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel . 
OBJECTIVE:1 pirates of the caribbean is a sweeping action-adventure story set in an era when villainous pirates scavenged the caribbean seas . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a few months later , both parties realize their mistake and find out that 'getting back what you had' is not so easy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 drags along in a dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the- past numbness . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it reminds us that nathan lane is the best show stealer in show business . 
OBJECTIVE:1 missy crider , angela featherstone , and sally struthers round out the cast . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the result reverberates on the screen with a deadly force and fury more intense than anything mr . scorsese has yet achieved on the meanest and most beloved streets he could imagine or recall . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies . 
OBJECTIVE:1 3 beautiful agents try to find the treasure , but they must fight the evil datuk azmi , an old enemy of madame x . it has been four years since the alien-seeking agents averted an intergalactic disaster of epic proportions . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the end , both come to new understanding of what is important and appear to be set in new ethical and moral directions . 
OBJECTIVE:1 just teetering south of puberty , young thomas harris has discovered that instead of looking at stars , he can use his new telescope to study the beautiful woman next door . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 you will emerge with a clearer view of how the gears of justice grind on and the death report comes to share airtime alongside the farm report . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a dozen years later we find west is an inmate at a forbidding old prison . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 very annie-mary is familiar but winningly funny and good-hearted . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film tells a story of two scrap pickers - the title hero edi and his friend jureczek . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . works within its own pensive and penetrating element . caustic and jaunty , gangster no . 1 is a cynical sideshow that dismisses the notion that crime does not always pay . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a murder in the camp gives him the chance to set a risky plan in motion . 
OBJECTIVE:1 anmol's greedy wife mona ( amrita arora ) forces him to meet vikrant in india and inform him about guru gulab and collect the prize money . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a science-fiction pastiche so lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there would be precious little left . 
OBJECTIVE:1 and then a body turns up on cape cod . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 henry romero discovers , samantha already knows ( firsthand ) of the evils young men do . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a team of scientists is recruited in a crash project to send a ship and bomb into the center of the earth to prevent the catastrophe . 
OBJECTIVE:1 now , in the twilight of his life , emile shapes the final chapters of his mental autobiography . 
OBJECTIVE:1 leaving her successful career and las vegas forever in order to build her family in a healthy environment was since long prevented by katherine hiller ( barbara carrera ) , her discoverer and business manager . 
OBJECTIVE:1 drawing from his time with the kids , he writes a story about children who don't want to grow up . 
OBJECTIVE:1 joanna , a young wife and mother , moves from manhattan to the upper-class suburb of stepford , connecticut . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a set of grisly murders brings fbi agent will graham ( norton ) out of retirement and puts him in search of an atrocious killer ( fiennes ) who's driven by the image of a painting . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 essentially , this is abel fererra's it's a wonderful life . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when wei is promoted from the rank of nightclub parking valet to the rank of debt-collector in brother gu's gang , he persuades his boss to hire jie to work alongside him . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the two join forces to find out who wants her dead and why . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap . any rock pile will do for a set . reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when possum lodge is taken to court by big-shot executive robert stiles ( richard fitzpatrick ) , whose limousine was damaged while parking at the lodge , the boys are ordered to pay $10 , 000 in damages within ten days - or their beloved lodge will become property of the town . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 unfortunately , heartbreak hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit . 
OBJECTIVE:1 sam roberts thinks he has all the answers : the purpose of life , the meaning of love , the plan for a perfect future . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a young professional discovers the difficulty of leaving the corporate nest . 
OBJECTIVE:1 chasm is a black comedy , set in a time when trading body parts has become commonplace and blinding light and torrential rain overpower the land . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when a cia agent is killed during a nuclear arms purchase , his partner oakes ( anthony hopkins ) , recruits his twin brother , jake hayes ( chris rock ) . 
OBJECTIVE:1 now even that joy will be stripped away as his son prepares to place him in a nursing home . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she proceeds to an in-depth soul-searching that helps her discover the power of faith and steels her to put up resistance . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she entranced the founder of the museum of art ( masp ) where the fashion parade was being held , and her career was hence launched . 
OBJECTIVE:1 still , she doesn't want anyone , not samantha , not the cops and , most importantly , not her beloved dad , to come down on her . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time . 
OBJECTIVE:1 former caa power broker , michael ovitz is probably very sorry he ever decided to do that vanity fair interview . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie turns out to be [assayas'] homage to the gallic 'tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness . 
OBJECTIVE:1 oliver , an emotional gigolo who doesn't belive he deserves to love , arrives in copenhagen to surprise a summer flirt but ends up meeting lulu . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in an attempt to prove the 58 million dollar claim on the ship is false , she flies to argentina and becomes embroiled in a dangerous web of deceit , lies , murder and lost love . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 well-intentioned though it may be , its soap-opera morality tales have the antiseptic , preprogrammed feel of an after-school special . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times . 
OBJECTIVE:1 soon after the accident , the survivors of the accident start dropping like flies . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 benigni's pinocchio is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an exhaustive investigation into the roots and after-effects of the revolutions and counter-revolutions that rocked france , the u . s . , china , latin america and czechoslovakia in 1967 and 1968 . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the fact that he owns the gun of a popular man , who got killed , from that town makes him prime suspect . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 helmer devito . . . attempts to do too many things in this story about ethics , payola , vice , murder , kids' tv and revenge . 
OBJECTIVE:1 one ( logue ) does it for the love of comics , while the other shop , run by a husband-and-wife team ( rapaport and lyonne ) are in it strictly for the money . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it doesn't seem like it's following a fixed path to the finish . unlike so many movies , it feels alive . 
OBJECTIVE:1 joe hickley thinks he's got a great scheme : kidnap the child of rich parents , hold it for 24 hours , keeping the mother under his control while an accomplice gets the ransom from the father , who is on a trip . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ao sair do cinema , eu estava feliz e com saudades de um tempo em que , para mim , a existência de papai noel era um fato inquestionável . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he leaves the city while searching for expression and finds a place to hide that he uses as his stage . 
OBJECTIVE:1 lynn tells sue she wants to stop their criminal life and get married ^&#214 ; she won't accept chow nunn's order for the second killing . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 that dogged good will of the parents and 'vain' jia's defoliation of ego , make the film touching despite some doldrums . 
OBJECTIVE:1 renowned adventurer allan quatermain ( connery ) leads a team of extraordinary figures with legendary powers to battle the technological terror of a madman known as " the fantom . " 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if you are curious to see the darker side of what's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ? ! ? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there's nothing very attractive about this movie . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it is then that they discover the myth of 'the bread in the bed' - a huge bed full of money . 
OBJECTIVE:1 sean , an all go no quit , military driven high school student recieves a video tape of a brutal murder . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 perry's good and his is an interesting character , but " serving sara " hasn't much more to serve than silly fluff . nor is it a romantic comedy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 those who aren't put off by the film's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it wants to be thought of as a subversive little indie film , but it has all the qualities of a modern situation comedy . 
OBJECTIVE:1 'brass tacks' is a 35mm feature length , narrative drama . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth . 
OBJECTIVE:1 martian children are captivated by terran television shows which talk about our ole pal , kris kringle . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's a talking head documentary , but a great one . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a martial artist , afflicted with a disease that makes beautiful women want to kill him , goes on a suicide mission to find true love anyway . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 granted , much of the marlovian argument is patently ridiculous ( was ben johnson really part of a massive cover-up ? ) but it's good fun . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this is the final straw for roxie , and her constant anger at rejection explodes . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 thirteen conversations about one thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 mehta expertly fashions a fascinating hybrid that is sure to delight audiences with its good-natured and well-timed humor , and its unabashed refusal to take itself seriously . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 its story is delicate and moving , and the film is a wholly commendable effort , if not quite as successful as majidi's previous works . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 like a fish that's lived too long , austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it isn't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a postal worker has some lunch in a chinese restaurant and falls in love with the waitress , who happens to be chinese . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity . . . bisset is both convincing and radiant . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film is told in flashbacks with a female reporter interviewing gale . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it's going to be a trip . igby goes down is one of those movies . 
OBJECTIVE:1 andrew moves to a small town way up north to isolate himself from the rest of the world . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas' wounded and wounding uncle ralph . it's a great performance and a reminder of dickens' grandeur . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's unnerving to see recoing's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment . good film , but very glum . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when a prank goes terribly wrong landing a kid in the hospital , landon is assigned to tutor a young student on the weekends and participate in the drama club's spring play . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but instead of broadway or movies , her appearances have been limited to industrials and infomercials . 
OBJECTIVE:1 another story follows the relationship between a stepfather ( neeson ) and his young stepson . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 needless to say , the dramatics that follow are utter hooey . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but mathayus ends up getting much more than he bargained for . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar . 
OBJECTIVE:1 alex has replaced former roommate nicole ; the ex-best-friend , ex-girlfriend who in true clich&#233 ; form screwed carrie , andy and an a-list director . 
OBJECTIVE:1 on november 12th 2001 , aspiring documentary filmmaker griffin mack began to capture the story of this elusive rising star . 
OBJECTIVE:1 april's shower demands you to ask how far would you go for true love and if you have the strength to live in your truth . 
OBJECTIVE:1 with billy badly wounded , hotly pursued by a determined sheriff , the gang makes an unexpected and unwelcome visit . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [w]hile long on amiable monkeys and worthy environmentalism , jane goodall's wild chimpanzees is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a very bizarre blend of reservoir dogs , fight club , unbreakable and croupier . 
OBJECTIVE:1 faced with endless dead-end gigs and his own loss of passion for the music he once thought was his life , he finds himself returning home to the three generations of women that he left behind . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after the fellowship has broken , merry and pippin , taken by orcs , make new allies in the ents , while legolas , gimli and aragorn make allies in the people of rohan , and all of them must launch an assault on isengard . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this daring film challenges most widely held notions about religious conviction while providing a complex portrait of an identity crisis that's run amok and a good mind that's jumped the tracks . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what you end up getting is the vertical limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 desperately unfunny when it tries to makes us laugh and desperately unsuspenseful when it tries to make us jump out of our seats . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 everything you loved about it in 1982 is still there , for everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there are touching moments in etoiles , but for the most part this is a dull , dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject . 
OBJECTIVE:1 together they piece together the story of a forbidden love affair , and discover one of their own . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms . ambrose . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the process they have tortured villagers and something dreadful happens and rupi disappears . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he initially flounders in his new world , before realizing that it takes more than talent to reach the top . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [hell is] looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara isn't even halfway through . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in this refreshingly shameless celebration of money and expensive stuff , director kevin bray grabs every retro action-film cliché . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 you'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous [than leon] . 
OBJECTIVE:1 landon ( west ) hung with the in-crowd an aimless , moody , reckless guy who breezed through school on looks and bravado and had no plans , no future and no faith in himself . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but fate and their youthful dreams still have tricks to play . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is one case where you can actually believe the hype -- the lord of the rings : the two towers is indeed even better than its predecessor . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he returns with his wife , mercedes , an argentinean he met in spain , and his two adolescent children , mateo and cayetana , born in the same country and forced into a land they know only throught the biased tales of their parents . 
OBJECTIVE:1 dealing with the aftermath of the 'accident' brings out the best and the worst in them . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 shainberg weaves a carefully balanced scenario that is controlled by neither character , is weirdly sympathetic to both and manages to be tender and darkly comic . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a crisply made movie that is no more than mildly amusing . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this includes never-before-seen images of tests of modified v-1s at point mugu naval air station , and the flight test program for regulus at edwards air force base in 1950 . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the son of zamindar narayan mukherjee , devdas ( shahrukh khan ) was born with a silver spoon in his mouth . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when virginia visits her aunt millie at christmas , she discovers a stack of handwritten letters over half a century old , and unlocks the story of her aunt's youthful days as a young woman living in hamilton , mississippi , during the second world war . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the gang quickly grab the publics' allegiance by targeting members of our community we'd all like to see 'get nailed' . 
OBJECTIVE:1 blau ( trevor griffiths ) needs a favor for old times' sake . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . feels as if ( there's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something . 
OBJECTIVE:1 dejected , schmitz discovers robert stephens , a young , gay britney impersonator . 
OBJECTIVE:1 dek and shirley live together with 12 year-old marlene , her daughter by the sexy delinquent jimmy , who skeddadled years ago and hasn't been heard from since . 
OBJECTIVE:1 from the late master filmmaker krzysztof kieslowski comes 'heaven' , the first installment of a trilogy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 according to wendigo , 'nature' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 angela gheorghiu as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately . 
OBJECTIVE:1 complicating matters further is the fact that commitment-shy dex unexpectedly meets marcia , the girl of his dreams . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 generic slasher-movie nonsense , but it's not without style . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a british officer sees the drummer chasing his canteen and mistakes him as a deserter running away through the woods . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a remake of the danish blockbuster " klatretosen , " catch that girl is described as " ocean's 11 " or " mission : impossible " for kids . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 while soderbergh succeeds in recapturing the themes and mood of tarkovsky's version , he also brings with them a cold , emotionless sheen , a detached air that defeats his efforts to truly engage us . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 for those willing to risk being made very uncomfortable , this instant cult classic announces the arrival of a distinctive new talent behind the camera . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 first good , then bothersome . excellent acting and direction . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 though it's become almost redundant to say so , major kudos go to leigh for actually casting people who look working-class . 
OBJECTIVE:1 one day , his own name arrives in the " perpetrator " chute , and the precogs predict that he will kill a man he never knew in less than 36 hours . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the kind of history lesson that you wouldn't mind seeing again and again , no matter the format . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it would be a mistake to write this movie off as yet another star is born-type biopic about the rise and fall of a latter&#8209 ; day celebrity . schrader is after something deeper here and even when he misses the mark , the film remains involving . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the story the movie tells is of brian de palma's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in a place soon to be known as the valley of death , in a small clearing called landing zone x-ray , lt . colonel hal moore ( mel gibson ) and 400 young fathers , husbands , brothers , and sons , all troopers from an elite american combat division , were surrounded by 2 , 000 north vietnamese soldiers . 
OBJECTIVE:1 horace seeks the repair of his masculine identity damaged by a partner who won't make love to him . 
OBJECTIVE:1 will she get it , or will death get her first ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's sweet and romantic without being cloying or melodramatic . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 just a kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people . but it is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit . 
OBJECTIVE:1 these people , most of whom were american citizens , were taken from their homes and sent to " relocation " camps in desolate , isloated areas . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as well , another priest in the diocese , father natalio , is suspected of assisting guerilla troops in the highlands . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the plot is very clever , but boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's mildly amusing , but i certainly can't recommend it . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , wendigo , larry fessenden's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when detective ben simm's wife is killed , he has to learn to be both father and mother to his little girl while searching for a vigilante that has his own sense of justice . 
OBJECTIVE:1 exhausted and physically drained , they slowly pack up their equipment as the dawn light gradually builds and the emotional impact of the night's events deepens . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film . the result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a publication that documents their culture and demonstrates how the real world can both destroy and enhance their idealistic one . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it is fascinating to see how much work and preparation goes into stand-up comedy . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in order to arrive at a possible explanation , michael moore takes on a deeper examination of america's culture of fear , bigotry and violence in a nation with widespread gun ownership . 
OBJECTIVE:1 his big brother george has also made a new friend , will , so stuart is feeing lonely . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady's direction is prosaic . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there's a little girl-on-girl action . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as the girls foil this threat and defeat an army of superpowered monkeys , the powerpuff girls learn that with great power comes great responsibility . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a brilliant pianist , a polish jew , witnesses the restrictions nazis place on jews in the polish capital , from restricted access to the building of the warsaw ghetto . 
OBJECTIVE:1 three mischevious employees ( paulo costanzo , woody harrelson , alicia silverstone ) of a bank in a small deserted town all make plans to rob at the same time , however none of them knows about the others . 
OBJECTIVE:1 through the stories of four different families , daddy &#38 ; papa delves into some of the particular challenges facing gay men who decide to become dads . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it might be 'easier' to watch on video at home , but that shouldn't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 e . t . works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet . 
OBJECTIVE:1 jude law plays a leading role as inman , a wounded confederate soldier who is on a perilous journey home to his mountain community , hoping to reunite with his prewar sweetheart , ada , played by nicole kidman . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in depression-era chicago hitman michael sullivan is known to friends and enemies alike as the angel of death . 
OBJECTIVE:1 however , this task is going to be more difficult than he could ever have imagined . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax . 
OBJECTIVE:1 and some of these ghosts are down right unfriendly . 
OBJECTIVE:1 with a single clue to their whereabouts and nothing to lose , he leaves to find 'his people' . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 compared to sorority boys . . . this is high comedic art . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 nice balance between real emotions and cute movie moments with a hilarious love scene . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean's themes without being a true adaptation of her book . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a little girl steals from the jar , containing her poor family's meager savings . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the meantime , she has had a little love affair with a young man from the village , found a girlfriend from her childhood days , swum in the sea , and found a way to live in peace with her melancholic memories . 
OBJECTIVE:1 slowly , patricia regains her joy of life although living in complete isolation . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the production values are up there . the use of cgi and digital ink-and-paint make the thing look really slick . the voices are fine as well . the problem , it is with most of these things , is the script . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players . 
OBJECTIVE:1 for example , she collects cans and bottles to recycle from the beach and buys fish food with the money she makes , then paddles out in the ocean to feed the fish there . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but when irrefutable proof that they are meant to be together arises , both of them are sent into conflict . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 talk to her manages to be female-centric even as it explores the lives of men . 
OBJECTIVE:1 there , they plot revenge on those who made fun of them , and especially the power-hungry christine . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play . 
OBJECTIVE:1 jack black will play dewey finn , a depressed musician that was recently fired from his band . 
OBJECTIVE:1 due to a botched robbery attempt , a ruthless romanian barbarian is somehow resurrected in modern day new york and begins wreaking havok on a small manhattan art-house . 
OBJECTIVE:1 area k tells a story of arabs and jews who are struggling together to make a living from the sea in the midst of territorial bloodshed . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it may not be history – but then again , what if it is ? – but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i've had in a while . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 those outside show business will enjoy a close look at people they don't really want to know . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he has a vast knowledge of modern photography and develops photos for various customers at the sav-mart . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a resonant tale of racism , revenge and retribution . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when the skittish emma finds blood on her pillow why does she still stay behind ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the acting is uniformly excellent , with kyra sedgwick and fairuza balk in particular deserving to be singled out for praise . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the draw [for " big bad love " ] is a solid performance by arliss howard . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [cuarón has] created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful . 
OBJECTIVE:1 then there is the unshakable guilt over his past . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 die another day is only intermittently entertaining but it's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or perhaps it's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the nameless protagonist , a 19th-century french diplomat , guides the audience through a lost , sumptuous dream that was the enlightenment period . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic . but mostly it's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a highly spirited , imaginative kid's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god stuck in heaven because he's afraid of his best-known creation ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 needless to say , both carlos and mickey are burning to get out of the heights . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in a futuristic world , a strict regime has eliminated war by suppressing emotions : books , art and music are strictly forbidden and feeling is a crime punishable by death . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this thing works on no level whatsoever for me . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in his second term at hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry , harry potter ( daniel radcliffe ) is warned by an elf named dobby that disaster will strike when he returns to hogwarts . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he discovers that his daughter's life , unknown to him from an affair with a brazilian woman 15 years earlier , is in danger and must return to rio ; having only five days to finish the deal and find his daughter . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film flat lines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark , decadent truffle . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 rises and falls on the strength of its individual episodes . mostly , it rises , though its extreme length ill suits its anecdotal structure ( or perhaps vice versa ) . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she went on to be in brazil's first-ever fashion parade/show . 
OBJECTIVE:1 if people accept it , the crime rate is going to drop drastically , but it never will be known if there might not be too many people imprisoned , some or even all of them innocent . 
OBJECTIVE:1 beneath clouds is the story of lena , the light-skinned daughter of an aboriginal mother and irish father and vaughn , a murri boy doing time in a minimum security prison in north west nsw . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they also talk about their professional and personal experiences , and describe the places they visit . 
OBJECTIVE:1 working in secret , the progressive group organised the 1959 theatre boycott to end segregation in movie theatres in hamilton . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this doesn't go down well with his superiors and they decide that rajput is now a liability to the bank and they sack him . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a zombie movie in every sense of the word--mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the mutation , however , remains dormant , and is passed on to his son , bruce . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the story , he is weary of being kept within the walls of his father's ( and soon to be his ) kingdom . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 only two words will tell you what you know when deciding to see it : anthony . hopkins . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the end , they discover that balance in life , similar to a well-balanced and sculpted anatomy , is the ultimate achievement . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in their love for each other and their ability to move on , the women are , in a way , lovely and amazing . 
OBJECTIVE:1 set in hollywood , " coming clean " is a 12 character ensemble romantic comedy about an engagement party gone wrong . 
OBJECTIVE:1 against the background of an australian desert landscape , so much space and so few people , sandy , a geologist , and hiromitsu , a japanese businessman , play out a story of human inconsequence in the face of the blistering universe . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 reggio falls victim to relying on the very digital technology that he fervently scorns , creating a meandering , inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film . 
OBJECTIVE:1 upon one of his famous , hand-made tortillas appears the face of jesus christ . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 is this love or is it masochism ? binoche makes it interesting trying to find out . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the battle results in an incident that sees one of the men re-evaluate his values in life . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an uplifting drama . . . what antwone fisher isn't , however , is original . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ben's rock-solid , promising future and romance with amy are turned upside-down with the arrival of madison bell . 
OBJECTIVE:1 deep in the northwest , there is a lone ranch tucked away so purposefully , the only way to find it is by not looking . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but the latter is currently in a swedish prison cell . 
OBJECTIVE:1 suspiciously , word of the device got out to the underworld and both parents were brutally killed in front of the girls' eyes by criminals eager to get their hands on the invention . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 boasting the best sword-fighting sequences to hit the screen in many years , it is so enjoyably old-fashioned it even looks as if it were made in the '70s . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a close acquaintance overhears their conversation , and , promised a fee , reports the win to max ( david winburn ) , smooth-talking but deadly leader of a hoodlum gang , who sends his beautiful paramour , cindy ( kelly taylor ) , to seduce jose , if necessary , to get her hands on the winning ticket . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . a visually seductive , unrepentantly trashy take on rice's second installment of her vampire chronicles . 
OBJECTIVE:1 based on nicole valery-grossu's european best seller autobiographic novel " bless you , prison " , the film is a true story , with real events and characters . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an afterschool special without the courage of its convictions . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a romantic comedy about a man , a woman , and their dogs . 
OBJECTIVE:1 on a trip through texas to mexico , a group of teens pick up the survivor of a massacre that took place the night before . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch christian right propaganda machine into national media circles . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they decide that the path to true love is to purposely set each other up on " extreme dates " with the objects of their affections . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer's previous collaboration , miss congeniality . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a film at once depressing and uplifting--depressing in terms of the sad , often horrifying subjects of nachtwey's photographs but uplifting in terms of his commitment and integrity . 
OBJECTIVE:1 their rescue mission leads them to a disused lab , but what should have been a simple raid turns into a series of twisted and mind bending incidents where the free and the caged switch places , in this tormented psychological horror . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when dwindling membership and increasing overheads makes the bowling club a prime candidate for a takeover , it's all hands on deck to save the club . 
OBJECTIVE:1 soon it's not just harry who is worried about survival , as dreadful things begin to happen at hogwarts . 
OBJECTIVE:1 furthermore , he seeks to investigate and confront the powerful elite political and corporate interests fanning this culture for their own unscrupulous gain . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is snappy , frothy screwball comedy awash in french understatement . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy . in the end , though , it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the future is on it's way to atlantic city on a bus . 
OBJECTIVE:1 suddenly , a young boy starts to become ill and starts to suffer from the same syndromes that regan from the fist movie suffered . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this boisterous comedy serves up a cruel reminder of the fate of hundreds of thousands of chinese , one which can only qualify as a terrible tragedy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they won't much care about . 
OBJECTIVE:1 geordie ( thom fitzgerald ) , a visiting canadian pornographer , bogdan ( mihai calota ) , a reluctant city dog-catcher , and nathalie ( alberta watson ) , a lonely diplomat's wife - each risks losing everything as they become embroiled in the struggles of bucharest's abandoned children , gypsies , dogs and beggars . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , bartleby squanders as much as it gives out . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film narrates in a richly detailed , associative montage the boundless possibilities of manipulating images and using images to seduce . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ronnie must then deal with his new life , while having to deal with missing his ex-wife that he left back home . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the movie features veteran horror heroines leslie culton and jenny wallace , and actors john saenz and jonathan tabor . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if a horror movie's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then they works spectacularly well . . . a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions . 
OBJECTIVE:1 fearful of the repercussions on his already messed up life , greg flees the scene and manages to hide his clunky damaged truck on the nearby overgrown farm of martha thompson , an aging grouchy widow who lives by the scriptures , ideas of traditional family and her trusty shotgun . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 at some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the world of skin deep , not all suspects are created equal . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in addition , the detective has to deal with a serial killer who had already killed and mutilated many women . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid . . . a curiously constricted epic . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in a town of good intentions , memorbale characters and nothing much to do , the truth has a way of catching up with you . 
OBJECTIVE:1 these were the first boats to perform deterrent patrols in the history of the navy , and they did it during some of the most crucial moments of the cold war including the 1962 cuban missile crisis . 
OBJECTIVE:1 andy spirals down into crack addiction and becomes a homeless prostitute and mike gains stability in his life once he moves in with his loving and supportive aunt . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the all night quirky journey and encounters with memorable characters , ultimately provides them with the key to the lives they've been meaning to live come daybreak . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil' bow wow . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story of j whose goal is to be world master at playing nintendo . 
OBJECTIVE:1 steve and eric are average guys living average lives with their average wives in the small suburban town of freehold , new jersey . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the brass want to close out the case , nick and henry stay on it , and bits of evidence point them to an auto body shop . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but then roxie comes along and velma is old news . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film explores the cultural differences between a north american mother and a mexican father in the face of death . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this backfires when katie innocently reagles her school with her inside knowledge of carnal pleasures . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a woman who is again able to reach out for love . 
OBJECTIVE:1 all that quickly changes when frodes father is going out with his new girlfriend mette , who hates children . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 while dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but this time , they're gonna have to face both the police - and the mafia ! 
SUBJECTIVE:0 romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong . they cheapen the overall effect . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the result of a weekend affair he had back at the height of his fame produced olivia , a newpaper delivery girl for the south wales echo . 
OBJECTIVE:1 and while bruce is getting everything he wants , he has been ignoring his girlfriend , grace and loses her . 
OBJECTIVE:1 documentary feature about the traditional viennese cinema " bellaria " , which is specialised in german cinema from the 20s , 30s and 40s and its regular customers , whose idols are stars like zarah leander or karl sch&#246 ; nb&#246 ; ck . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's thoroughly entertaining and nonpatronizing , and occasionally even insightful . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he dwells in a world of external night--but the blackness is filled with sounds and scents , tastes and textures that most cannot perceive . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they intend to bring her back to tel-aviv in order to save her life . 
OBJECTIVE:1 so , in addition to curing him she's also trying to get him married off to a " good , strong , responsible " woman . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie's strangeness . 
OBJECTIVE:1 everyone is wishing for a miracle to happen this summer . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 despite the film's bizarre developments , hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character's gripping humanity . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a succinct , intelligent and scintillating slice of cultural history . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it deals with fascistic pseudo-darwinism and artificial corruptability , with the makers of kulturfilm who put their avant-garde narrative , filmic and editing techniques to the service of fascism . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a " dungeons and dragons " fantasy with modern military weaponry . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the teen liar then has to match wits with wolf , who also turns out to be a big liar . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ki-duk kim has created a provocatively violent and sexual film with an oddly idyllic sensibility . it's a mysterious but ultimately rewarding experience . 
OBJECTIVE:1 following in the reality-based tv trend , tv producer chase renzi played by renee russo , wants mitch to star in her new show about the day-to-day activities of a real cop ( think cops ) . 
OBJECTIVE:1 at the same time , sanitarian doctor oswaldo cruz comes back to brazil after three years in paris , where he had studied in the pasteur institute . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 nair's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the chaotic lead characters are not the sorts one will usually see in a disney film and that makes for a certain amount of unpredictability before it all returns to business as usual . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 director chris eyre is going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an interesting psychological thriller that , more often than not , actually works . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 has little on its mind aside from scoring points with drag gags . 
OBJECTIVE:1 saigon , 1952 , a beautiful , exotic , and mysterious city caught in the grips of the vietnamese war of liberation from the french colonial powers . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if you've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart . this is the best star trek movie in a long time . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but when he discovers the lake is known as the home of a mythical creature , mac makes it his mission prove there's more to the myth than just legend . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make paid in full worth seeing . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in britney spears' first movie . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but when it comes down to it , the one thing stopping you from living your dreams is you . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 takes one character we don't like and another we don't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and isn't very funny . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a group of hi-tech troops are sent in to destroy the red dimension where the tall man gets his power , reggie ( reggie bannister ) follows so he can find mike ( a . 
OBJECTIVE:1 all of a sudden , simon vanishes and francis appears , charmingly succeeds to reverse all her plans . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 overall , it's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 you can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer . thumbs down . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she has an emotional bond with a casino owner ( deepak tijori ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 only the charm and attractiveness of the cast keeps this movie from the remainder bin . 
OBJECTIVE:1 multiple , intersecting planes of experience , often mired in a sordid backstory of the american dream/empire ( featured voices include florida death row inmates , palestinian poets , and novelist kathy acker ) seek to produce new areas of resolution . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious-- at ninety minutes , it drags . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after pulling off an amazing gold bullion heist from a heavily guarded palazzo in venice , italy , charlie and his gang -- inside man steve ( norton ) , computer genius lyle ( green ) , wheelman handsome rob ( statham ) , explosives expert left-ear ( mos def ) and veteran safecracker john bridger ( sutherland ) - can't believe when one of them turns out to be a double-crosser . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as an exercise in stripped-down filmmaking , interview is grimly effective . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 at no point during k-19 : the widowmaker did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot . 
OBJECTIVE:1 mickey kilpatrick is the sweet-natured superintendent of their building , whose loopy dreams of becoming a professional bowler are met with only derision and confusion by his father sean . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 consider the title's clunk-on-the-head that suggests the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept . 
OBJECTIVE:1 truly an intellectual , igby is a modern day holden caulfield , and the world he lives in is far removed from the high standards of expectation he holds for it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 matters become even more complicated when juwanna realizes that he is falling for his teammate michelle ( vivica a . fox ) , who shows him that there is more to women than meets the eye . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in steps reese , a sweet , charming co-worker smitten with kali . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film's present with the playful paranoia of the film's past . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 reign of fire may be little more than another platter of reheated aliens , but it's still pretty tasty . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a film that is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world . 
OBJECTIVE:1 all kinds of animals begin immigrating to the south , seeking more warm climates . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 sort of an existential version of a seinfeld episode . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one of the more irritating cartoons you will see this , or any , year . 
OBJECTIVE:1 another woman , diana , reads a book and is divided from the real world by fiction . 
OBJECTIVE:1 one day , butcher lee ( karen allen ) , inez's trusted friend and an amateur mystic of sorts , reveals a vision that inez's one true love is close by . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego . 
OBJECTIVE:1 even though many at the time believed it was a violation of their civil rights to privacy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the bikers tell everyone in the store that if any one tells who committed the crime , the gang will take revenge on them and their families . 
OBJECTIVE:1 racial bigotry , violence and corruption thrive in places like marquezas . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 in the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the ensuing battle was one of the most savage in u . s . history . 
OBJECTIVE:1 based on an acclaimed 1935 novel about the war of liberation ( 1918-1920 ) that ensured estonia's independence , the film tells about a group of young schoolboys heading to the front to fight the army of soviet russia . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as a singular character study , it's perfect . it's also the year's sweetest movie . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it all leads to more tragedy and the movie jumps to 12 years later . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored . 
OBJECTIVE:1 enroute , eagle reluctantly comes to the aid of romy , a sassy moll who has just stolen 600 her life . 
OBJECTIVE:1 at the same time , mickey steals money from an apartment to help himself and carlos to fulfill their ambitions - with tragic consequences . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 while broomfield's film doesn't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system . 
OBJECTIVE:1 fbi agent cheryl hammer , arrives in a small california town to catch an elusive killer . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one , but it's not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it . 
OBJECTIVE:1 will tom be able to persuade his naturally cautious and terminally confused fianc&#233 ; e to work through all the damage and chaos ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the truth is that the truth about charlie gets increasingly tiresome . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a fast-paced look into the world of underground street-racing . 
OBJECTIVE:1 at the eleventh hour king and cuthbertson are saved by the arrival of major merton ( derek jacobi ) , churchill's chief intelligence advisor . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when he meets a beauty , renee ( izabella miko ) , who says she's reincarnated he must confront his beliefs . 
OBJECTIVE:1 joe enders , a decorated marine who is by-the-book to a fault , is just coming back on duty ( by cheating on his medical tests ) . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  " lovely and amazing is a story about real people . these people are insecure about their lives . they aren't convinced that there's some inner beauty about them . they see themselves as i suspect most people do , mostly for the flaws . however , these are still
SUBJECTIVE:0 lasker's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther . . . realize they can't get no satisfaction without the latter . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters . by that measure , it is a failure . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the lord of the vampires is about some 20 something kids getting into trouble and then stepping into even bigger trouble when they happen upon a peculiar home . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the talk-heavy film plays like one of robert altman's lesser works . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she falls in love with a successful magician , whose life she has destroyed just by doing her job . 
OBJECTIVE:1 for the past seven years mel bishop , a cold-blooded old west outlaw , had rotted away in a filthy mexican prison . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when sara ( elizabeth hurley ) is served divorce papers while she is in new york , she is stunned . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in the meantime , a grifter breaks into their apartments and rummages their personal belongings , thus unfolding hidden secrets . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do , and the experience is profound . the hours is what movies are supposed to be . . . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in 8 minutes we go into the life of a little boy who tries to get away with not doing his task . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this story of a determined woman's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 cinephiles will appreciate the fine camerawork and overall mise-en-scene , but people just heading out for a popcorn pleaser will likely be disappointed . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 'you'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied . you'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter . . . '
SUBJECTIVE:0 an intriguing , richly detailed look at the early days of hollywood power and glamour . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum . 
OBJECTIVE:1 throughout their journey they survive gun battles , vicious hand to hand fighting , vision blurring car chases and a heart stopping train wreck hundreds of feet above a rocky gorge . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it may not be the most immediate or attention-grabbing work , but there's certainly something satisfying in its thoughtfulness . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he is haunted by the ghost of his deceased brother paul who guides him toward his salvation . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he is a cop , and chances are he's going to make some trouble for vince too . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when the film reaches its dramatic climax , a varied cast of characters must all figure out a way to bridge the chasm between their dreams and reality . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a band of college students go to a rave on a mysterious island and get more than they bargained for when they find themselves stalked by killer zombies and terrifying creatures intent on feasting on the flesh of the living . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if you open yourself up to mr . reggio's theory of this imagery as the movie's set . . . it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change . 
OBJECTIVE:1 munnabhai starts wooing komal but she is in love with raja ( ajay devgan ) , a local vagabond doing nothing except working in a bowling alley as a bouncer . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 like being trapped inside a huge video game , where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 borrows a bit from the classics " wait until dark " and " extremities " . . . but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 soul is what's lacking in every character in this movie and , subsequently , the movie itself . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 trademark american triteness and simplicity are tossed out the window with the intelligent french drama that deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son . 
OBJECTIVE:1 samantha noble ( elizabeth berkley ) is a high-profile magazine editor . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in this darkly comic short film , a daughter and her elderly dying mother are arguing over a dress . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if they're ghosts imagining themselves as alive . it's a sly wink to the others without becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its " men in a sardine can " warped logic . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson's e ! true hollywood story . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 bollywood/hollywood is a happy , carefree trifle of a movie that is easy to savour because it is so undemanding yet so rewarding . 
OBJECTIVE:1 occupied france 1944 : in the castle , their local headquarters , the german officers decide to organize a party . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what madonna does here can't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it's moving and it's talking and it's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a winning crowd-pleaser with more than enough juice to crossover with fans of all stripes , regardless of whether they even know anything about soccer or not . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in a small southern american town , paul , who is known for having sexual relations with every girl in town , falls in love with his best friend's younger sister who is a virgin . 
OBJECTIVE:1 meanwhile in india , vikrant announces grand prize money to those who tell him the whereabouts of guru . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 insomnia is one of the year's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in 1870's the u . s marshall mike s . blueberry tries to stop wally blount , the man who killed his girlfriend from getting to a stockpile of gold hidden in indian territory . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 friday after next is a lot more bluster than bite . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a friendship without a future is the only friendship possible for these two men . 
OBJECTIVE:1 el toro&#180 ; s sons , cain and abel , were separated as boys because el toro predicted that cain would kill abel . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey
SUBJECTIVE:0 confessions isn't always coherent , but it's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 not for everyone , but for those with whom it will connect , it's a nice departure from standard moviegoing fare . 
OBJECTIVE:1 desperate , neurotic gloria goes on an emotional roller coaster ride when her boyfriend of three and a half weeks , kip sends her yellow roses . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a serial killer named shin-hyun gives himself up to police . 
OBJECTIVE:1 through time travel wells and twain team up with sir arthur conan doyle and a young jules verne and wind up in the year 2001 seeing results of their writings that help in their attempts to find dr . noah and save the world from destruction . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 although olivier assayas' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation . . . its three-hour running time plays closer to two . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 between bedroom scenes , viewers may find themselves wishing they could roll over and take a nap . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 stevens' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 'sophisticated' viewers who refuse to admit that they don't like it will likely call it 'challenging' to their fellow sophisticates . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the films stars roark critchlow ( days of our lives , friends , mr . deeds ) as the would be husband who has to come clean about a few things from his past and risk losing the love of his life . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in his flight he encounters sonya , a young bosnian mother desperately trying to return home to see her son . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymor's preposterous titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 at its best early on as it plays the culture clashes between the brothers . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a nightmare date with a half-formed wit done a great disservice by a lack of critical distance and a sad trust in liberal arts college bumper sticker platitudes . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when she's approached one day by a handsome stranger while trying to hail a taxi , she becomes obsessed with him and eventually starts an affair . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  " the ring " is pretty much an english-language copy of the film that inspired it , and it carries the same strengths and flaws . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in a botched attempt to organize a protest against their " slave labor " , the women take over the prison - a rare glimpse of the effects of the prison industrial complex on female inmates . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if the very concept makes you nervous . . . you'll have an idea of the film's creepy , scary effectiveness . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [javier bardem is] one of the few reasons to watch the film , which director gerardo vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 feels like one of those contrived , only-in -hollywood productions where name actors deliver big performances created for the sole purpose of generating oscar talk . 
OBJECTIVE:1 julian , a young heroin addict tattoos a ouija board on his back to communicate with a spirit he has known . 
OBJECTIVE:1 based on the bram stoker award nominee short story by cult author joe r . lansdale , bubba ho-tep tells the " true " story of what really did become of elvis presley . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ' . . . a great , participatory spectator sport . '
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's all a rather shapeless good time . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ira member bobby sands is imprisoned in northern ireland . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 spirited away has the quality of a dream : it takes you places so foreign and fantastic you have no option but to yield completely to it and be spirited along . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a smart comedy about a day in the life of a barbershop on the south side of chicago . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in keeping with the holiday spirit , the judge gives davey one last chance at redemption-spend the holiday performing community service as the assistant referee for the youth basketball league or go to jail . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the film is about a boy ( justin long ) who locks himself in the bathroom to work out math equations on the shower wall . 
OBJECTIVE:1 and the rule of this race is to kill the other contestants to win the race ! ! ! 
SUBJECTIVE:0 sadly , 'garth' hasn't progressed as nicely as 'wayne . '
OBJECTIVE:1 caught in this battle of wills is clara's daughter , victoria , who finds she is about to be married into the same faith that murdered her father . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this dramatic film , set in a japanese american internment camp during the world war ii , explores one family's experience and examines the sacrifices and triumphs of those who endured and survived through preserverence , courage , and the all-american game of baseball . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it is not until the story reaches its conclusion , does the old man discover the surprising truth about his son and himself . 
OBJECTIVE:1 standing by yourself tracks the movements and daily machinations of a group of outcast friends in their strip-mall new york state hometown . 
OBJECTIVE:1 regardless , it is through grace's visions involving him that she learns of her parent's demonic pastimes , which include abduction , murder , and possibly worse . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 pretension , in its own way , is a form of bravery . for this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- chelsea walls deserves a medal . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 all the well-meaningness in the world can't erase the fact that the believer feels like a 12-step program for the jewish nazi . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story is risen out of the conflicts between the white anglo-saxon " natives " and the irish immigrants coming into the five points . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the editing is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused , the writing unintentionally hilarious , the direction unfocused , the performances as wooden . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the five protagonists of my film are women who have not been able to organize the large " stones " in their lives . 
OBJECTIVE:1 amongst these , ruth , a girl of 17 , writes a diary on the journey they are to undertake on the atlantic . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 this is cool , slick stuff , ready to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters . 
OBJECTIVE:1 stuart's mother is being over-protective of him , especially when he narrowly escapes injury in a soccer game . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as well as many appearances by characters for the hit television series " mr . 
OBJECTIVE:1 an action movie shot in real time that plays out like a shot-em-up video game . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's hard to know whether or not to recommend this film because for every thing it does right there's at least one and occasionally two things it gets ever so wrong . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the characters . . . are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they find themselves competing for not only the press' attention , but also the focus of their shared lawyer , the suave billy flynn . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after finding the plane and its crew torn to shreds , the group tries to piece together clues about what could be responsible for the carnage . 
OBJECTIVE:1 greg puts up with martha's harsh criticism in exchange for a place to lay-low until he can evade the police and repair his delicate relationship with his young daughter , chelsea . 
OBJECTIVE:1 on an african safari , eliza thornberry discovers that thanks to a shaman , she can now talk to animals . 
OBJECTIVE:1  " it's said that only love can save them from disgrace , but that's crap . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it has become apparent that the franchise's best years are long past . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions ; i'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what's most memorable about circuit is that it's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large . . . and small . . . with considerable aplomb . 
OBJECTIVE:1 throughout the day's move , their two very different groups of friends tangle in conflicts and romance while august tries to figure out who he really wants before it's too late . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 waiting for godard can be fruitful : 'in praise of love' is the director's epitaph for himself . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a biopic of an artist that actually looks artistic . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 femme fatale is not the director's best work ever , but it is as good as we've seen him be in much too long a time . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 [reno] delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless . 
OBJECTIVE:1 one afternoon they discover the corpse of a young woman floating in the water . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 jonathan parker's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence . 
OBJECTIVE:1 four friends journey down life's paths to find out whether god or society has the right to decide the good or the evil . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the linux cause . 
OBJECTIVE:1 legend has it that haizmann made a pact with the devil in 1650 to be his son here on earth , and therefore gained immortality . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the chase is on - the russians , whose dna code it is that mattie has in her backpack , and a group of terrorists compete to get the code from the person they all assume has it , gerry . 
OBJECTIVE:1 their original calendars showed lovely scenes of the yorkshire dales . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in a surrealistic approach typical of the director , a clumsy cat and an intelligent monkey are also present in the film . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 weirdly , broomfield has compelling new material but he doesn't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's no emotional pulse to solaris . with an emotional sterility to match its outer space setting , soderbergh's spectacular swing for the fence yields only a spectacular whiff . 
SUBJECTIVE:0  . . . if you're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie , you might want to catch freaks as a matinee . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 kapur's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 why would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 about a boy vividly recalls the cary grant of room for one more , houseboat and father goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it's a weepy , nail-biting story line that's all too familiar , although abbass portrays her character with strong conviction and carries the film gracefully . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 director roger michell mounts this thriller as an action-packed , sometimes tongue-in-cheek celebrity death match . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor . 
OBJECTIVE:1 with the help of their gay hairdresser ( pop star jordan chan ) and some friends inside the company , the girls become " irresistibly " beautiful , and secretly get rehire under new identities . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after all , she is the woman of his dreams . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 city by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for . but how it washed out despite all of that is the project's prime mystery . 
OBJECTIVE:1 biography of brazilian actress odete lara , a sex symbol in theater , television , music , and cinema . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 tom green and an ivy league college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 never really funny and falling just short of exciting , bad company is just ok for an action flick . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough . 
OBJECTIVE:1 through dream manipulations and guilt , he's able to convince hockey-masked psychopath jason which both freddy and jason sense as the perfect opportunity for a slice-and-dice job . 
OBJECTIVE:1 christian taylor , a writer on hit tv series six feet under , is being profiled by a british documentary crew when he's sacked , though he doesn't know they've overheard the firing . 
OBJECTIVE:1 arjun is already the number one person on several men&#180 ; s hit lists and must overcome this and everything he encounters on his hunt . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 bullock's complete lack of focus and ability quickly derails the film
SUBJECTIVE:0 audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far -- and that does not include the 5 o'clock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school . 
OBJECTIVE:1 while 'studying' , he is busted by his mother and begs her not to tell his dad . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 É uma pena que , mais tarde , o próprio filme abandone o tom de paródia e passe a utilizar os mesmos clichês que havia satirizado . 
OBJECTIVE:1 based on nick hornby's popular british novel , about a boy is a comedy-drama starring hugh grant as will , a rich , child-free and irresponsible londoner in his thirties who , in search of available women , invents an imaginary son and starts attending single parent meetings . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 alex nohe's documentary plays like a travelogue for what mostly resembles a real-life , big-budget nc-17 version of tank girl . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film . 
OBJECTIVE:1 christin has been working at a hotel owned by budcasso , her friend's fianc&#233 ; . 
OBJECTIVE:1 this is the decades-long story of the relationship between a prominent high school football coach ( harris ) in a small south carolina town and the illiterate , mentally-challenged man nicknamed radio ( gooding ) whom he mentors , who before that had always been the target of jokes and teasing by the community . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story captures the dilemma of gifted musicians turning music into a professional career without losing artistic integrity and soul . 
OBJECTIVE:1 lars von trier re-explores the concept of goodness , but this in an idiom very different from that of his gold heart trilogy ( breaking the waves , the idiots and dancer in the dark ) . 
OBJECTIVE:1 however , when one of the lads accidentally shags a punter ( steven berkoff ) to death , they are forced to look for 'work' elsewhere . 
OBJECTIVE:1 she has been programmed to eliminate other cybernetic organisms . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he has yet to break out from under his mentor's shadow until he finds a pair of love letters in the textbook that once belonged to one of his idols , a famous long dead victorian poet . 
OBJECTIVE:1 an arrested drug kingpin is transported by a los angeles police department swat team led by jackson's character out of the city and into federal custody . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone does have a center , though a morbid one . 
OBJECTIVE:1 fate steps in and throws the unlikely pair together for one night . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they swore to have their unborn babies get married when they grew up . 
OBJECTIVE:1 dennis , nicknamed " spider " by his mother has been institutionalized with acute schizophrenia for some 20 years . 
OBJECTIVE:1 have you ever met that certain someone that made your heart drop the moment you met ? 
OBJECTIVE:1 the story starts with a bit more in depth on the court house scene which ended the last film . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the movie isn't tough to take as long as you've paid a matinee price . 
OBJECTIVE:1 anything anyone tells her to do , she must obey . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the documentary weaves verite rehearsal , interviews , rare holocaust footage , and performances into a revelation of the creative process . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 i was sent a copyof this film to review on dvd . for free . i still want my money back . 
OBJECTIVE:1 ron launius ( josh lucas ) , billy deverell ( tim blake nelson ) , barbara richardson ( natasha gregson wagner ) and joy miller ( janeane garofalo ) were brutally murdered , and ron's wife susan ( christina applegate ) was left in critical condition . 
OBJECTIVE:1 it seems like a perfect opportunity for kilo to get back to his family , but this job leads to a world of trouble for kilo after his release . 
OBJECTIVE:1 here , in his swiss town , he catches a bus to work , closing his eyes but realizing the horror of his existence . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as she learns more about her ex's infidelity , she wonders if bogdan's lifestyle may be preferable to the manipulative starkness of her ex that ultimately lead to his murder . 
OBJECTIVE:1 all or nothing is set on a london working-class housing estate over a long weekend , and also tells the stories of a range of phil and penny's neighbors , some of whom become involved in the family's lives , and all of whom experience an emotional journey . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the actors don't inhabit their roles -- they're trapped by them , forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and spout dialog that consists mostly of platitudes . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 unspools like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but all their training couldn't have prepared them for what they were going to encounter . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a surprisingly good-natured throwback to the '80s heyday of the body-switching genre . 
OBJECTIVE:1 elvis teams up with jack ( ossie davis ) , a fellow nursing home resident who thinks that he is actually president john f . kennedy , and the two valiant old codgers sally forth to battle an evil egyptian entity who has chosen their long-term care facility as his happy hunting grounds . 
OBJECTIVE:1 max and his men torture jose and threaten to kill him if he doesn't turn it over . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles' book does not translate well to the screen . 
OBJECTIVE:1 her parents continue their quest to uphold strict chinese traditions as esther buffy continues to fall faster and faster finding herself up against god , satan , life and possibly death . 
OBJECTIVE:1  " bums in the mist " will expose you to a world where alcohol is king and sloth is a virtue ; buddy george will discover , bums who are able to find love and professional success all while maintaining their " mondern frontiersman " lifestyle ; bums who's natural gifts enable them to move down the ladder of success at an astronomical rate ( or whatever the opposite of astronomical is ) and who's penchant for violence impact every aspect of their lives . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he wants to realize the dream nurtured for year by his father . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he meets up with the country bears , a long-since broken-up band , a parody of bands like the eagles . 
OBJECTIVE:1 soon she grows increasingly wary about the motives of every man with whom she has contact--and about her own . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the girls plan to take on the dons instead of buckling under their threats . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if it takes too many familiar steps , it is still never less than compelling as it walks the well-trod line . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 gibney and jarecki just want to string the bastard up . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 if the last man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento . . . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 easily stands alongside such throat-clutching classics of cinematic political action as z and the battle of algiers . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 one senses in world traveler and in his earlier film that freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the ultimate forms of hell are about to be unleashed on earth once again . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me . 
OBJECTIVE:1 they're a conveyance true , but they can also become the unlikely place for a rendezvous . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as shaky as the plot is , kaufman's script is still memorable for some great one-liners . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 there's enough melodrama in this magnolia primavera to make pta proud yet director muccino's characters are less worthy of puccini than they are of daytime television . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 uneven but ultimately appealing satire of the dreck we call white man's rap music . some good performances and an often goofy script make for a generally good time . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made [eyre's] first film something of a sleeper success . 
OBJECTIVE:1 born in eastern europe , tobias grew up in poverty , the son of a thief , beggar and prostitute . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 human nature talks the talk , but it fails to walk the silly walk that distinguishes the merely quirky from the surreal . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 any film featuring young children threatened by a terrorist bomb can no longer pass as mere entertainment . 
OBJECTIVE:1 once while beating up one of his foes , he sees komal ( aishwarya rai ) and is so smitten by her beauty that he starts visualizing her wherever he goes and in whatever he does . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to reality and disillusionment . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 kidd deals with lust and egoism the way a surgeon is interested in a tumor . he exposes ugly attitudes but maintains compassion for his mean-spirited subject . 
OBJECTIVE:1 john was one of the first porn stars to push for aids testing in the porn industry . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 it extends the writings of jean genet and john rechy , the films of fassbinder , perhaps even the nocturnal works of goya . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 light the candles , bring out the cake and don't fret about the calories because there's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 sandler has played weirdos for zany comic effect , and it's interesting to finally see him play one in a relatively subdued romantic dramedy . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 first-time writer-director dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real strength . 
OBJECTIVE:1 story of annette kellerman , the international swimming vaudeville and silent screen star whose life story inspired the mgm classic million dollar mermaid starring esther williams , which featured lavish busby berkeley scenes . 
OBJECTIVE:1 when she gets into trouble with the police simon represses his death wish and decides to help her out . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that 'the urge to destroy is also a creative urge' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating . 
OBJECTIVE:1 their reporting becomes more compelling when they gather the courage to tell the truth about witnessing two of their peers throw a four-year-old out of a 14th story window . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 despite its faults , this is a fascinating look at a subculture . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 as his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in long time dead says 'i'm telling you , this is f * * * ed' . maybe he was reading the minds of the audience . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the volatile dynamics of female friendship is the subject of this unhurried , low-key film that is so off-hollywood that it seems positively french in its rhythms and resonance . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr . drew barrymore . 
OBJECTIVE:1 then from 1983 to 1984 , the " stander gang " ( stander , alan heyl &#38 ; patrick mccall ) rob as many as four banks a day . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 lazy , miserable and smug . this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a once powerful , but now ailing and remorseful father desperately seeks out his estranged son . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the movie mixes the personal life of the ancestors of this man as well as historical moments for m&#233 ; xico such as the reform war , the mexican revolution , etc . arc&#225 ; ngel can't sleep . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a picture that extols the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky , spirited fashion . 
OBJECTIVE:1 as bob the tomato and the kids settle in to wait for a tow truck to help get their van back on the road , the " pirates who don't do anything " share a little story about a guy named jonah . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 ozpetek succeeds in portraying small nuances that demonstrate the stages of love -- unrequited or blossoming -- and in showcasing the family structure created by a group of people who have been rejected for one reason or another . 
OBJECTIVE:1 rather than the large chunk of change that many people would expect , ted instead receives his mother's pack of rowdy sled dogs and her property . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but things go terribly wrong for the honest bank manager when he finds one of his own employees trying to con the customers . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the clues are few and time is running out for the students of rogers high school . 
OBJECTIVE:1 after a month , dante comes to see lucy to find out what she has decided . 
OBJECTIVE:1 unhappy father of a draining family he has no controls whatsoever over his life . 
OBJECTIVE:1 a broad stylistic combination of cinema verit&#233 ; and magic realism , the film follows emile's life as he tries to reconnect with his last remaining relation nada . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the problem with the bread , my sweet is that it's far too sentimental . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more . 
OBJECTIVE:1 meanwhile , a farmer and his son set out on a personal mission to hunt the creeper down . 
OBJECTIVE:1 but peter is reclusive and awkward when he doesn't have his camera in between himself and his subjects . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the correspondence between spielrein , freud and jung discovered that day in the geneva basement has become essential to understanding the evolution of psychoanalysis ^&#214 ; and the virtually insurmountable challenges facing women who sought to contribute in any role other than that of patient . 
OBJECTIVE:1 based very loosely on robert ludlum's novel , the bourne identity is the story of a man whose wounded body is discovered by fisherman who nurse him back to health . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 not just unlikable . disturbing . disgusting . without any redeeming value whatsoever . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the film takes the materials of human tragedy and dresses them in lovely costumes , southern california locations and star power . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 may be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill since town and country . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 you really have to wonder how on earth anyone , anywhere could have thought they'd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this . 
OBJECTIVE:1 hellbent on vengence , jason renews his bloodbath in pursuit of personally slaughtering krueger , and anyone else in his path . 
OBJECTIVE:1 the more he digs , the more evidence he finds that the overdose may have been attempted murder . 
OBJECTIVE:1 in 2001 some 20 , 000+ souls made a pilgrimage to the black rock desert to practice radical self-expression and self-reliance in a temporary , commerce-free community . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 the heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in [this] meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 soderbergh seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted , earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable . 
OBJECTIVE:1 wounded by tom's derision , michael befriends ex-convict everette hatch , who , recognizing opportunity , exploits michael's ideas to his advantage . 
OBJECTIVE:1 he dreams of shedding all material worth and going on a spiritual awakening . 
OBJECTIVE:1 johnny lever ( paaji ) is a millionaire sardarji who believes in distributing &#38 ; spending lavishly his wealth on his friends . 
OBJECTIVE:1 passing himself as a single father , he starts to meet a string of single mums , confident in his ability to leave them behind when they start to ask for a commitment . 
OBJECTIVE:1 what if he escaped with the intention of joining all those other nazi evil-geniuses in sun-soaked south america ? 
SUBJECTIVE:0 a vivid reminder of the true nature of chemistry between lovers , and the rarity with which we see it on the screen . 
SUBJECTIVE:0 only a supremely flexible talent like kinnear could whittle away at crane's nuances and come up with thespian gold . 
OBJECTIVE:1 set in the early 1970's , this is the tale of a young man whose fiancee has been killed , but who finds himself falling for another woman even while he is still living with his fiancee's grieving parents and being drawn into the legal battle to bring her killer to justice . 
